# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 22 April 2019

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>  
**Attending:**   


## Announcements

BrianL out next week 4/29 - 5/1

### Triage Duty

-   This week: Edgar
-   Next week: Mat
-   9 (+1) open FreshDesk tickets
-   1 (+0) open GGUS tickets


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 164          | -7      | Open              |
| 26           | -3      | In Progress       |
| 12           | -5      | Ready for Testing |
| 7            | +7      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   New GLOW VO certificate?
-   TPC tests have been failing since 4/12 (<http://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/tests/20190412-0423/results.html>)
-   Blahp updates  
    -   Merging relevant HTCondor patches
    -   AI (Carl): Use the "new" condor env format
    -   AI (BrianL): Proxies on WNs fail to renew


### Discussion

None this week  


### Support Update

-   LIGO (Edgar): Interested in using GPUs, we're looking to find opportunistic resources
-   SWT2 (BrianL): the blahp does not refresh proxies after 24h on WNs and this has bitten ATLAS.  
    Investigating potentialf ixes.
-   UFL (Carl, Derek): The Jan-Feb records have been uploaded to the GRACC but we still need to resend the records to APEL.


## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.28 | &Delta; | Status            |
|------ |------- |----------------- |
| 0      | +0      | Open              |
| 3      | +0      | In Progress       |
| 12     | -5      | Ready for Testing |
| 7      | +7      | Ready for Release |
| 0      | +0      | Closed            |
| 22     | +2      | Total             |

-   OSG 3.4.28 - This Week
    -   Ready for Testing
        -   XRootD 4.9.1
        -   StashCache/XCache (13 tickets)
        -   MyProxy using GCT
        -   GlideinWMS 3.4.5
    -   Ready for Release
        -   osg-flock 1.1: flock host DN
        -   Upcoming: HTCondor 8.8.2
-   Data
    -   Nothing
-   Operations
    -   Nothing
-   Contrib
    -   Nothing

### Discussions

None this week


## OSG Investigations Team

-   XRootD workshop will be held in France in 6-8 weeks
-   Some resources in topology don't have an APEL normalization factor set in topology, causing issues with APEL numbers.  
    We have opened tickets with the relevant site admins.
-   Accounting audit is beginning in collaboration with ATLAS.


### Future

-   I would like the investigations team to make a thrust helping Ops with monitoring.  Lots of issues with things that are failing.  And who is watching the watchers (GRACC alert email wasn't being sent... watch the watchers)?
-   Lots of GRACC questions: <https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-3642>
-   What would it take to run HTCondor-CE gratia probe on a slurm cluster?  Will start investigating with Nebraska, next week.


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/projects/GRACC)
-   [StashCache Project](http://opensciencegrid.org/docs/data/stashcache/overview/)


### Discussions

None this week
