# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 17 June 2019

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>  
**Attending:**   


## Announcements

BrianL at UChicago Wednesday, NYU next week, and vacation the following week. Returning July 5.  


### Triage Duty

-   This week: BrianL
-   Next week: Carl
-   4 (+2) open FreshDesk tickets
-   1 (+0) open GGUS ticket


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 155          | -1      | Open              |
| 29           | +3      | In Progress       |
| 5            | -3      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | -2      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   XCache:  
    -   AI (BrianL): Get ATLAS/CMS XCache RPM packaging in this week
    -   AI (BrianL): Add XCache integration tests to the container CI
-   Hosted-CE:  
    -   Initial script for managing WN software/data from the CE host in the Operation team's hands
    -   AI (Mat): execute remote host management plan
-   Blahp unification: Still working through HTCondor build issues.
-   AI (Derek): Review Gratia probe PRs (<https://github.com/opensciencegrid/gratia-probe/pulls>)
-   AI (Mat): Give IceCube access to the GLOW origin
-   Madison ITB currently broken due to a pool password misconfiguration
-   Next doc focus July 25 (1:30-5:30pm CDT)


### Discussion

-   AI (BrianL): Talk to FNAL, factory folks about OSG 3.4 support lifetime (due to dropping EL6 support in OSG 3.5)


### Support Update

-   ATLAS (Derek): Accounting audit continues.  Still editing with Fred.
-   GLOW (BrianL): Some user jobs are being held in IIT startd's with the message "missing http plugin"
-   SWT2 (Carl): We've got a Gratia probe pull request in for a Slurm v18 fix; we're also investigating a strange dependency on the OSG user-vo-map that shouldn't be there anymore
-   Syracuse (BrianL): troubleshooting why their condor pool negotiator isn't matching their whole node jobs
-   OSG User Support (Derek): Virtually attending meeting in Chicago.
-   Vanderbilt (BrianL): Added OSG DNS entries and got host certs for some of their certs


## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.32 | &Delta; | Status            |
|------ |------- |----------------- |
| 8      | +8      | Open              |
| 10     | +10     | In Progress       |
| 4      | +4      | Ready for Testing |
| 0      | +0      | Ready for Release |
| 22     | +22     | Total             |

-   OSG 3.4.32  
    -   Ready for Testing  
        -   cctools 7.0.13
        -   XRootD 4.10.0-rc1
        -   xrootd-scitokens 1.0.0
        -   scitokens-cpp
    -   Ready for Release
        -   Nothing
-   Data  
    -   Nothing
-   Operations  
    -   Nothing
-   Contrib  
    -   Nothing

| 3.4.31 | &Delta; | Status            |
|------ |------- |----------------- |
| 0      | -7      | Open              |
| 0      | -6      | In Progress       |
| 0      | -7      | Ready for Testing |
| 7      | +5      | Ready for Release |
| 7      | -15     | Total             |

-   OSG 3.4.31  
    -   Punted to 3.4.32
        -   cctools 7.0.13
        -   XRootD 4.10.0-rc1
        -   xrootd-scitokens 1.0.0
        -   scitokens-cpp
    -   Released
        -   Singularity 3.2.1
        -   GlideinWMS proxy renewal (for Xenon)
        -   HTCondor 8.6 patch python packaging to match EPEL
        -   Upcoming: HTCondor 8.8.3
        -   VO Package v93


## OSG Investigations Team

-   Accounting audit is complete with Fred. Report sent out to Operations team, will send further along as needed.
-   DONE: Adapting LIGO style cvmfs + singularity. Deployed and working.
-   cvmfs-authz-helper (cvmfs-x509-helper) - Derek ran out of time to tag / build.
-   XRootD Workshop went well.  Not many questions…
-   SAND meeting this week.  I’m sure there will be action items from this.
-   SLURM Gratia probe replacement has become urgent, will be done this week.
-   GRACC accounting taskforce - Tasking!!!


### Backburner

-   Working with operations investigating OAuth with co-manage.  Waiting on co-manage (Wisconsin?!?!)


### Future

-   Lots of GRACC questions: <https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-3642>
-   What would it take to run HTCondor-CE gratia probe on a slurm cluster?  On pause.


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/projects/GRACC)
-   [StashCache Project](http://opensciencegrid.org/docs/data/stashcache/overview/)


### Discussions

None this week
