# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 29 July 2019

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>  
**Attending:**   


## Announcements

Slack currently having some issues (<https://status.slack.com/>)  


### Triage Duty

-   This week: TimT
-   Next week: Edgar
-   6 (-4) open FreshDesk tickets
-   2 (-1) open GGUS ticket


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 156          | -4      | Open              |
| 38           | +8      | In Progress       |
| 15           | -5      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | -1      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   OSG 3.4.33  
    -   Across the board failures with xrootd-lcmaps-1.7.2-1 needs invesetigation (<http://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/tests/20190726-1559/results.html>)
    -   AI (Brian): Stash Origin changes changes; osg-xrootd support
    -   AI (Carl): Support MySQL changes
-   OSG 3.5  
    -   AI (Carl): Start preparing the OSG 3.5 repositories (<https://opensciencegrid.org/technology/release/new-release-series/>).  
        Take notes so that we can generalize the document moving forward.
    -   AI (Mat): Upstream OSG GCT patches so we can drop GCT packages from OSG 3.5
-   AI (Edgar): Add chkconfig lines to `gwms-renew-proxies` (<https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-3758>)
-   New documentation explaining the Topology resource retirement process:  
    <https://opensciencegrid.org//operations/services/topology-contacts-data/#retiring-resources>


### Discussion

None this week  


### Support Update

-   Brown (Marian): working on XRootD issue (AAA CMS problems); still in progress
-   GGUS ticket w/ Doug Johnson about using Let's Encrypt  
    -   problems with using LVS
    -   need doc improvements


## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.32 | &Delta; | Status            |
|------ |------- |----------------- |
| 5      | -7      | Open              |
| 6      | -2      | In Progress       |
| 17     | +9      | Ready for Testing |
| 1      | +1      | Ready for Release |
| 29     | +1      | Total             |

-   OSG 3.4.32  
    -   Ready for Testing  
        -   gratia-probe 1.20.9
        -   cctools 7.0.14
        -   myproxy 6.2.4
        -   singularity 3.2.1-1.1
        -   osg-configure 2.4.0
        -   osg-oasis 13
        -   scitokens-cpp
        -   GlideinWMS 3.5
        -   xrootd 4.10.0 and plugins
        -   condor 8.8.4
    -   Ready for Release  
        -   cvmfs-x509-helper 2.0
-   Data  
    -   Nothing
-   Operations  
    -   Nothing
-   Contrib  
    -   Nothing


### Discussion

We would like to get HTCondor 8.8 into mainline but the default auth removes `DAEMON_LIST` so it could break current installations of HTCondor  


## OSG Investigations Team

-   HTCondor-CE Gratia probe installed and running at Nebraska slurm. Records look ok.  Need to perform a "checklist" of attributes to make sure we are correct.  
    -   <https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-3748>
    -   Found we are not collecting system time
-   CMS asked for application specific attributes to be added to the XRootD Detailed Monitoring Collector.
-   GRACC accounting taskforce - Tasking!!! See meeting on Wed.
-   Networking wants a tool to "go back in time".


### Backburner

-   Working with operations investigating OAuth with co-manage.  Waiting on co-manage (Wisconsin?!?!)


### Future

-   Lots of GRACC questions: <https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-3642>


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/projects/GRACC)
-   [StashCache Project](http://opensciencegrid.org/docs/data/stashcache/overview/)


### Discussions

None this week
