# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 13 May 2019

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>  
**Attending:** BrianL, Derek, Diego, Edgar, Marco Mambelli, Marian, Mat, TimT, Zhenzhou


## Announcements

-   Next meeting 5/28 (due to HTCondor Week and Memorial Day)
-   Zhenzhou, our new student, starts Topology work today


### Triage Duty

-   This week: BrianL
-   Next week: Carl
-   4 (-2) open FreshDesk tickets
-   1 (+0) open GGUS ticket


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 161          | -1      | Open              |
| 24           | -3      | In Progress       |
| 7            | +4      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | +0      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   XRootD 4.10.0 RC 1 released so we need to turn a build around
-   RHEL 8 has been released; unsure about the timeline for CentOS 8
-   Stable stash-cache image has been tagged
-   Hosted-CE improvements:  
    -   Add ability to manage WN software/data from the CE host
    -   Improve operational flexibility by managing submit host configuration from the CE
-   Internal OSG Site installation exercise on 5/24 at 9am CDT


### Discussion

-   What are the limits on the RHEL developer license? TimT said unlimited VMs on a single host
-   Discussion about GLOW stash cache/origin on k8s


### Support Update

-   NET2 (Carl): Continuing work on the custom SGE probe to fix missing accounting records
-   Purdue (Marco): privileged singularity is not accepting signals even after dropping privs.
    Suggested solution is to use unprivileged singularity.
-   SuperMIC (Edgar): Troubleshooting issues with CVMFS
-   SWT2 (BrianL): the blahp does not refresh proxies after 24h on WNs and this has bitten ATLAS.
    Have a fix that worked for SWT2 included in a new build.
-   UCSD (Diego): Troubleshooting issues with using chirp within Singularity containers.
    Jaime has suggested using the python client.


## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.30 | &Delta; | Status            |
|------ |------- |----------------- |
| 10     | +0      | Open              |
| 10     | +1      | In Progress       |
| 5      | +3      | Ready for Testing |
| 0      | +0      | Ready for Release |
| 25     | +4      | Total             |

-   OSG 3.4.30 - This Week  
    -   Ready for Testing  
        -   xrootd-voms-plugin 0.6.0
        -   osg-se-hadoop for EL6
        -   osg-test 3.0.0
-   Data - Fold into 3.4.30 release
    -   VO Package v91
-   Operations  
    -   Nothing
-   Contrib  
    -   Nothing

### Discussion

-   AI (TimT): Take over osg-sites mailing list for community testing, populate it with Topology admin contacts, and write an introductory email
-   Patched BLAHP expected to drive out release this week


## OSG Investigations Team

-   Working with Operations on monitoring.  Added Hosted-CE's monitoring.  Continuing to refine.
-   Also working with operations investigating OAuth with co-manage.
-   Accounting audit is continuing in collaboration with ATLAS.  Pretty much done.
-   Updates in perfsonar format caused data pipeline to fail.  Some emergency development performed.
-   StashCache PEARC paper officially accepted, very good reviews.
-   Worried about APEL accounting blackbox.
-   Adapting LIGO style cvmfs + singularity.
-   Factory monitoring to GRACC.


### Future

-   Lots of GRACC questions: <https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-3642>
-   What would it take to run HTCondor-CE gratia probe on a slurm cluster?  On pause.


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/projects/GRACC)
-   [StashCache Project](http://opensciencegrid.org/docs/data/stashcache/overview/)


### Discussions

None this week
