# OSG Technology Area Meeting,  3 June 2019

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>  
**Attending:**   


## Announcements

Mat at FNAL Thursday, 6/6  


### Triage Duty

-   This week: Mat
-   Next week: TimT
-   2 (-2) open FreshDesk tickets
-   0 (-1) open GGUS ticket


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 154          | -5      | Open              |
| 25           | +4      | In Progress       |
| 8            | +1      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | +0      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   OSG 3.5 planning to start this week: <https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/issues/?jql=labels%20%3D%203.5.0>
-   XCache:  
    -   AI (BrianL, Edgar): Get ATLAS/CMS XCache RPM packaging in this week
    -   AI (BrianL): Add XCache integration tests to the container CI
-   Hosted-CE:  
    -   Initial script for managing WN software/data from the CE host in the Operation team's hands
    -   AI (Mat): send email to Ops and UChicago admins to discuss design of managing CE configuration from a central host
-   Blahp unification: CHTC git repo and mirroring to GitHub complete. Working through HTCondor build issues.
-   AI (Mat): Give IceCube access to the GLOW origin


### Discussion

-   AI (BrianL): Talk to FNAL, factory folks about OSG 3.4 support lifetime (due to dropping EL6 support in OSG 3.5)


### Support Update

-   ATLAS (Derek): Update multiple sites in the WLCG accounting portal (NET2 and OU): <https://ggus.eu/index.php?mode=ticket_info&ticket_id=141350>
-   Syracuse (BrianL): troubleshooting issues with factory ops about the OSG VO's inability to fully utilize their idle cores


## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.31 | &Delta; | Status            |
|------ |------- |----------------- |
| 10     | +1      | Open              |
| 7      | +0      | In Progress       |
| 7      | +1      | Ready for Testing |
| 0      | +0      | Ready for Release |
| 24     | +2      | Total             |

-   OSG 3.4.31 - This Week
    -   Ready for Testing  
        -   Singularity 3.2.1
        -   cctools 7.0.13
        -   HTCondor 8.6 patch python packaging to match EPEL
        -   XRootD 4.10.0-rc1
        -   xrootd-scitokens 1.0.0
        -   scitokens-cpp
        -   Upcoming: HTCondor 8.8.3
-   Data
    -   Nothing
-   Operations  
    -   Nothing
-   Contrib  
    -   Nothing


### Discussion

-   AI (TimT): Take over osg-sites mailing list for community testing, populate it with Topology admin contacts, and write an introductory email [IN PROGRESS]
-   TimT and Mat are working on getting IGTF CA certificate announcements to the osg-sw-notices [DONE]


## OSG Investigations Team

-   Working with Operations on monitoring.  Added Hosted-CE's monitoring.  Continuing to refine.  Way too noisy.  Need to fix alerts.
-   Also working with operations investigating OAuth with co-manage.
-   Accounting audit is continuing in collaboration with ATLAS.  Pretty much done on our end.  Accounting portal appears updated.
-   Adapting LIGO style cvmfs + singularity.  Ready for testing.
-   Creating cvmfs + scitokens repo to start testing scitokens enabled stashcache.
-   Factory monitoring to GRACC.


### Future

-   Lots of GRACC questions: <https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-3642>
-   What would it take to run HTCondor-CE gratia probe on a slurm cluster?  On pause.


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/projects/GRACC)
-   [StashCache Project](http://opensciencegrid.org/docs/data/stashcache/overview/)


### Discussions

None this week
