# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 23 September 2019

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin><br>
**Attending:** Mat, Carl, Derek, Edgar, Marian, Marco Mambelli, TimT
<!-- BrianL, Carl, Diego, Derek, Diego, Edgar, Marco Mambelli, Marian, Mat, TimT -->


## Announcements

-   CC\* Workshop Sep 23-25. Tasks for/from this workshop are very high priority!
-   BrianL OOO today, at HTCondor Week Europe Sep 24-27


### Triage Duty

-   This week: Mat
-   Next week: BrianL
-   15 (+1) open FreshDesk tickets
-   2 (+0) open GGUS ticket


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------- |-------- |------------------ |
| 164          | +9      | Open              |
| 29           | -1      | In Progress       |
| 16           | +4      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | -1      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   OSG 3.4.36/3.5.2
    -   AI (Diego): Apply bosco override patch to HTCondor 8.8.5 in OSG 3.4 (SOFTWARE-3816)
    -   AI (Diego): Release stashcache-client (SOFTWARE-3799)
-   AI (Carl): Replace HTCondor blahp external with the "OSG version" in the HTCondor 8.9 series
-   AI (Carl): Issues with Gratia 1.2.10 need to be fixed (SOFTWARE-3737)
-   AI (Edgar): Test the latest Stash Cache image (SOFTWARE-3810)


### Discussion



### Support Update



## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.35 | &Delta; | Both | &Delta; | 3.5.1 | &Delta; | Total | &Delta; | Status            |
| ------ | ------- | ---- | ------- | ----- | ------- | ----- | ------- | ----------------- |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | -2      | 0     | -1      | 0     | -3      | Open              |
| 0      | -1      | 0    | -5      | 0     | -1      | 0     | -7      | In Progress       |
| 0      | -2      | 0    | -2      | 0     | -6      | 0     | -10     | Ready for Testing |
| 2      | +1      | 1    | +1      | 0     | +0      | 3     | +2      | Ready for Release |
| 2      | -2      | 1    | -8      | 0     | -8      | 3     | -18     | Total             |

-   Released - High Priority
    -   MyProxy, GSI-OpenSSH, Globus GridFTP Server: rebuild without globus-usage
    -   Singularity 3.4.0
    -   GlideinWMS 3.4.6


| 3.4.36 | &Delta; | Both | &Delta; | 3.5.2 | &Delta; | Total | &Delta; | Status            |
| ------ | ------- | ---- | ------- | ----- | ------- | ----- | ------- | ----------------- |
| 0      | +0      | 26   | +26     | 2     | +2      | 28    | +28     | Open              |
| 1      | +1      | 6    | +6      | 0     | +0      | 7     | +7      | In Progress       |
| 2      | +2      | 5    | +5      | 8     | +8      | 15    | +15     | Ready for Testing |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 0     | +0      | 0     | +0      | Ready for Release |
| 3      | +3      | 37   | +37     | 10    | +10     | 50    | +50     | Total             |

-   Software
    -   Ready for Testing
        -   3.4.36
            -   HTCondor 8.8.5
        -   Both
            -   CVMFS 2.6.3
            -   Frontier Squid 4.8-2.1
            -   hosted-ce-tools 0.4
        -   3.5.1
            -   osg-ce 3.5-2
            -   HTCondor CE 4.0.1
            -   HTCondor 8.8.5
    -   Ready for Release
        -   Nothing
-   Data
    -   Nothing
-   Operations
    -   Nothing
-   Contrib
    -   Nothing


### Discussion

None this week


## OSG Investigations Team

-   CMS requested some changes to xrootd monitoring.  Changes are made and deployed... But need debugging.
-   IRIS-HEP meeting went well.
-   Will begin validation of the xrootd monitoring collector.
-   HTCondor-CE gratia probe deployed for several weeks at Nebraska successfully.  Will coordinate with external site to use it (probably Florida).
-   Worked with operations to shorten stashcache negative cache duration.
-   SAND display for CC\* workshop: <https://display.sand-ci.org/>
-   GRACC development is upcoming for NSF Field of Science improvements.


### Backburner

-   Working with operations investigating OAuth with co-manage.  Waiting on co-manage (Wisconsin?!?!)


### Future

-   Lots of GRACC questions: <https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-3642>
-   GRACC Taskforce


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/projects/GRACC)
-   [StashCache Project](http://opensciencegrid.org/docs/data/stashcache/overview/)


### Discussions

None this week
