# OSG Technology Area Meeting,  9 December 2019

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>  
**Attending:** BrianL, Carl, Derek, Edgar, Marco Mambelli, Marian, Mat, TimT


## Announcements


### Triage Duty

-   This week: Diego
-   Next week: Edgar
-   8 (+1) open FreshDesk tickets
-   0 (+0) open GGUS ticket
-   Next triage rotation up in the OSG Software calendar, please review


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 155          | -3      | Open              |
| 39           | +3      | In Progress       |
| 10           | +2      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | +0      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   Updated software support document, please review: <https://opensciencegrid.org/technology/policy/software-support/>
-   OSG 3.5.7/3.4.41  
    -   AI (Mat): Drop or upstream OSG-specific Globus patches (SOFTWARE-2996)
    -   AI (Carl): gsi-openssh: move OSG changes to separate package (SOFTWARE-3915)
    -   AI (Carl, Derek): Malformed classad in history file causes gratia probe to silently fail (SOFTWARE-3877)
    -   AI (Brian): Write HTCondor-CE 4.1.0 and 3.4.0 documentation (SOFTWARE-3861, SOFTWARE-3862)
    -   AI (Diego): Build XRootD plugins against 5.0.0 rc1 (SOFTWARE-3923)
    -   AI (Diego): Build voms-server with patches (SOFTWARE-3879)
-   AI (Diego): Replace smart quotes and dashes in osg-notify (SOFTWARE-3893)
-   AI (Carl): Compare HTCondor/HTCondor-CE probe output from history records on itb-ce2 (SOFTWARE-3873)
-   AI (Brian): Hosted CE container/chart bug fixes
-   AI (Brian): Working on serving HTML results from osg-sw-submit web server


### Discussion

-   Edgar updated the LIGO frontend to 3.6.1 and it seems to work but he got bit by a long-standing GlideinWMS bug with talking to 8.8 schedds
-   Marco is working on a fix for Edgar's bug this week
-   Edgar wants to containerize the factory next quarter. I asked that he prioritize containerizing the collector/negotiator along with the frontend bits to give GLOW frontends an upgrade path.
-   Edgar brought up an issue that the GlideinWMS proxy renewal was not creating RFC proxies. Mats has had some issues with some European sites not accepting RFC proxies but maybe we should lean on those sites to accept RFC proxies.


### Support Update

-   Oklahoma (BrianL): worked with Horst and XRootD developers to sort out logrotation issues
-   StashCache (Derek): Derek discussed stability issues with Stash origins. There may be some redesign needed for busy origins


## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.41 | &Delta; | Both | &Delta; | 3.5.7 | &Delta; | Total | &Delta; | Status            |
| ------ | ------- | ---- | ------- | ----- | ------- | ----- | ------- | ----------------- |
| 0      | +0      | 1    | -4      | 1     | +0      | 2     | -4      | Open              |
| 1      | +0      | 2    | -1      | 2     | +0      | 5     | -1      | In Progress       |
| 1      | +0      | 5    | +1      | 4     | +1      | 10    | +2      | Ready for Testing |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 0     | +0      | 0     | +0      | Ready for Release |
| 2      | +0      | 8    | -4      | 7     | +1      | 17    | -3      | Total             |

-   Software  
    -   Ready for Testing  
        -   3.5.7  
            -   HTCondor-CE 4.1.0
            -   Upcoming: HTCondor 8.9.4
        -   Both  
            -   CVMFS 2.7.0
            -   osg-xrootd update
            -   GlideinWMS 3.6.1
            -   HTCondor 8.8.6
            -   HTCondor CE - non-OSG method for modifying job environment
        -   3.4.41  
            -   HTCondor-CE 3.4.0
            -   koji 1.15.3
    -   Ready for Release  
        -   3.5.7  
            -   Nothing yet
        -   Both  
            -   Nothing yet
        -   3.4.41  
            -   Nothing yet
-   Data  
    -   Nothing
-   Operations  
    -   Nothing
-   Contrib  
    -   Nothing


### Discussion

None this week


## OSG Investigations Team

-   Update of GRACC ES, which may require some development changes.  GRACC ES update is still ongoing.  
    -   Wait for Marian to update.
-   Github actions are cool.  
    -   Modifying scitokens-cpp build process to use github actions.  Possibly applicable for others.  Reusable components!
-   (Derek) scitokens-cpp update - Make release.
-   (overdue) Simple validation of xrootd-monitoring-collector passed.  
    -   Data collected for production validation, now to correlate the 2 sources, collector and remote xrootd server.  Difficult step.
-   (in progress) Development on perfsonar tape-backup flow with John.  
    -   Working with UChicago
-   (in progress) XRootD development for TCP stats.


### Discussion

Derek will give a short presentation on GitHub actions after next week's meeting
