# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 22 January 2019

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>  
**Attending:**   


## Announcements


### Triage Duty

-   This week: Carl
-   Next week: BrianL (?)
-   5 (+0) open tickets


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 152          | +2      | Open              |
| 30           | -1      | In Progress       |
| 4            | +3      | Ready for Testing |
| 5            | +3      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   3.4.24  
    -   XRootD 4.9.0 RC4 soon?
    -   AI (BrianB, Derek, Marian, Mat): Various StashCache 1.0 tickets
    -   AI (Mat): Update gsi-openssh version
-   XCache container due at the end of the month
-   Next doc focus this Thursday, 2018-01-24


### Discussion

None this week  


### Support Update

-   AGLT2 (BrianL): high load on some worker nodes (`ls /tmp hangs`) with some ATLAS jobs using 100% of swap
-   Colorado (BrianL): Tanya's group is using the hostname for blackhole detection, not sure why the experiment itself is testing for the hostname.
-   FNAL (BrianL): Accounting group issues are being resolved in the job router. The fix will make it into 8.6 and 8.8
-   Georgia Tech (Derek, Edgar): They need some help registering a Stash cache and updating their registration to support XCache 1.0. Edgar is working with them to get an IGTF InCommon certificate.


## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.23 | &Delta; | Status            |
|------ |------- |----------------- |
| 9      | -3      | Open              |
| 16     | +7      | In Progress       |
| 1      | -1      | Ready for Testing |
| 1      | +0      | Ready for Release |
| 27     | +3      | Total             |

-   OSG 3.4.23 - Perhaps this week  
    -   Ready for Release  
        -   HTCondor 8.8.0
-   Data - today  
    -   IGTF 1.95
-   Operations  
    -   Nothing
-   Contrib  
    -   Nothing


### Discussion

-   AI (Carl): Manually test HDFS 2.6 on EL6 packages, especially upgrades from EL6.
-   AI (BrianL, TimT): Write HDFS release notes to indicate that this update is only intended to support mounting HDFS via FUSE with EL6 clients.  
    It is not intended for updating name nodes, data nodes, XRootD, or GridFTP hosts. Instead we recommend updating to EL7.


## OSG Investigations Team

-   Re-organize caches behind redirectors to split load with I2 caches. Nebraska and KC cache first. Need to register the redirector with the cache discovery methods.
-   Perfsonar mesh for the StashCache nodes, or at least nearby nodes.
-   Re-organize the PerfSonar Collectors

Done last week:  

-   Lots of SciTokens effort that will be integrated into the campus and user support teams for Stash Writeback support.


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/projects/GRACC)
-   [StashCache Project](http://opensciencegrid.org/docs/data/stashcache/overview/)


### Discussions

AI (Edgar): Coordinate with BrianL and Mat for k8s-ization of StashCache origin and hosted CEs
