# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 10 June 2019

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>  
**Attending:** BrianL, Carl, Derek, Diego, Edgar, Marco Mambelli, Mat, TimT


## Announcements

-   BrianL OOO Friday
-   Derek OOO Wed - Fri
-   Mat OOO Tuesday PM


### Triage Duty

-   This week: TimT
-   Next week: BrianL
-   2 (+0) open FreshDesk tickets
-   1 (+1) open GGUS ticket


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 156          | +2      | Open              |
| 26           | +1      | In Progress       |
| 8            | +0      | Ready for Testing |
| 2            | +2      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   OSG 3.5 packages reviewed: <https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1WNk8F5XRQSJw3mwTFejJBLNbrQptdUxpWpZ0UEu-4MI/edit?usp=sharing>
-   XCache:  
    -   AI (BrianL): Get ATLAS/CMS XCache RPM packaging in this week
    -   AI (BrianL): Add XCache integration tests to the container CI
    -   AI (BrianL, Marian): Put together slides for the XRootD container/packaging/monitoring presentation
-   Hosted-CE:  
    -   Initial script for managing WN software/data from the CE host in the Operation team's hands
    -   AI (Mat): elaborate on plans to manage remote submission host patches/config from a central host
-   Blahp unification: CHTC git repo and mirroring to GitHub complete. Working through HTCondor build issues.
-   AI (Derek): Review Gratia probe PRs (<https://github.com/opensciencegrid/gratia-probe/pulls>)
-   AI (Mat): Give IceCube access to the GLOW origin
-   Madison ITB CE host certificates will be updated this week
-   GlideinWMS 3.5.0 has been released upstream and there are some important upgrade instructions that Marco has noted. It's also still fully compatible with HTCondor 8.6 and older frontend/factory versions.


### Discussion

-   AI (BrianL): Talk to FNAL, factory folks about OSG 3.4 support lifetime (due to dropping EL6 support in OSG 3.5)
-   AI (Edgar, Mat): ITB submit host request certificate, investigate how glidein3 is monitoring it


### Support Update

-   ATLAS (Derek): Accounting audit continues.  Still editing with Fred.
-   CMS (Edgar): Told CMS sites that they can use Let's Encrypt certs for their CEs but there are issues. The CERN factory doesn't have LE CAs installed but we control the host so we can install them. Pilot jobs are running ok but SAM tests and PHEDeX transfers are failing. Vanderbilt is paying DigiCert per host certificate, which may be a potential alternative to InCommon and Let's Encrypt.
-   GLOW (BrianL): Some user jobs are being held in IIT startd's with the message "missing http plugin"
-   SWT2 (Carl): We've got a Gratia probe pull request in for a Slurm v18 fix; we're also investigating a strange dependency on the OSG user-vo-map that shouldn't be there anymore
-   Syracuse (BrianL): troubleshooting why their condor pool negotiator isn't matching their whole node jobs
-   OSG User Support (Derek): Virtually attending meeting in Chicago.


## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.31 | &Delta; | Status            |
|------ |------- |----------------- |
| 7      | -3      | Open              |
| 6      | -1      | In Progress       |
| 7      | +0      | Ready for Testing |
| 2      | +2      | Ready for Release |
| 22     | -2      | Total             |

-   OSG 3.4.31  
    -   Ready for Testing  
        -   cctools 7.0.13
        -   XRootD 4.10.0-rc1
        -   xrootd-scitokens 1.0.0
        -   scitokens-cpp
        -   GlideinWMS proxy renewal (for Xenon)
        -   Upcoming: HTCondor 8.8.3
    -   Ready for Release
        -   Singularity 3.2.1
        -   HTCondor 8.6 patch python packaging to match EPEL
-   Data  
    -   VO Package v93
-   Operations  
    -   Nothing
-   Contrib  
    -   Nothing


### Discussion

-   AI (TimT): Take over osg-sites mailing list for community testing, populate it with Topology admin contacts, and write an introductory email [IN PROGRESS]


## OSG Investigations Team

-   Working with operations investigating OAuth with co-manage.  Waiting on co-manage (Wisconsin?!?!)
-   Accounting audit is continuing in collaboration with ATLAS.  Editing final report.
-   Adapting LIGO style cvmfs + singularity.  Ready for testing.
-   cvmfs-authz-helper (cvmfs-x509-helper) should be built this week.  will ask osg-software for help.
-   XRootD Workshop this week.

### Future

-   Lots of GRACC questions: <https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-3642>
-   What would it take to run HTCondor-CE gratia probe on a slurm cluster?  On pause.


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/projects/GRACC)
-   [StashCache Project](http://opensciencegrid.org/docs/data/stashcache/overview/)


### Discussions

None this week
