# OSG Technology Area Meeting,  9 September 2019

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>  
**Attending:** BrianL, Carl, Diego, Marian, Mat, TimT


## Announcements

-   GDB meeting this Wednesday at FNAL
-   IRIS-HEP planning meeting this Thurs/Fri at FNAL
-   CC\* Workshop Sep 23-25. Tasks for/from this workshop are very high priority!
-   BrianL OOO Sep 17-23, HTCondor Week Europe Sep 24-27


### Triage Duty

-   This week: TimT
-   Next week: Edgar
-   14 (+6) open FreshDesk tickets
-   2 (+0) open GGUS ticket


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 158          | +5      | Open              |
| 28           | -1      | In Progress       |
| 6            | +3      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | +0      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   OSG 3.5.1  
    -   AI (BrianL): HTCondor-CE 4.0.0! Featuring SciTokens support, disabling job retries, config reorganization.
    -   AI (Diego): Release HTCondor 8.8.5 that pulls down the newest Bosco tarballs
-   AI (Mat): Coordinate with Marco, Jeff, and Judith for the Hosted CE git repo and config management
-   AI (Carl): Replace HTCondor blahp external with the "OSG version" in the HTCondor 8.9 series
-   AI (Carl): Issues with Gratia 1.2.10 need to be fixed
-   AI (Edgar): Test the latest Stash Cache image


### Discussion

None this week  


### Support Update

-   Harvard Medical School (Mat): Need OASIS access but can only get OpenID-issued user certificates.
    It was suggested that Mat contact the Security Team and Dave Dykstra about allowing OpenID certs on OASIS.
-   MWT2 (Brian): Pilot jobs removed en masse due to an issue with their HTCondor pool and ATLAS policy to not restart pilot jobs


## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.35 | &Delta; | Both | &Delta; | 3.5.1 | &Delta; | Total | &Delta; | Status            |
| ------ | ------- | ---- | ------- | ----- | ------- | ----- | ------- | ----------------- |
| 0      | +0      | 22   | +22     | 3     | +3      | 25    | +25     | Open              |
| 0      | +0      | 4    | +4      | 3     | +3      | 7     | +7      | In Progress       |
| 3      | +3      | 0    | +0      | 0     | +0      | 3     | +3      | Ready for Testing |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 0     | +0      | 0     | +0      | Ready for Release |
| 3      | +3      | 26   | +26     | 6     | +6      | 35    | +35     | Total             |

-   Software
    -   Ready for Testing  
        -   3.4.35
            -   GlideinWMS 3.4.6
            -   HTCondor 8.8.4
            -   Singularity 3.3.0
        -   Both
            -   Nothing
        -   3.5.2
            -   Nothing
    -   Ready for Release  
        -   Nothing
-   Data  
    -   Nothing
-   Operations  
    -   Ready for Testing
        -   repo-update-cadist: Don't verify MD5 checksum (SHA256 Only)
-   Contrib  
    -   Nothing


| 3.4.34 | &Delta; | Both | &Delta; | 3.5.0 | &Delta; | Total | &Delta; | Status            |
| ------ | ------- | ---- | ------- | ----- | ------- | ----- | ------- | ----------------- |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | -15     | 0     | +0      | 0     | -15     | Open              |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | -11     | 0     | +0      | 0     | -11     | In Progress       |
| 0      | -1      | 0    | -9      | 0     | +0      | 0     | -10     | Ready for Testing |
| 1      | +1      | 20   | +19     | 20    | +20     | 41    | +40     | Ready for Release |
| 1      | +0      | 20   | -16     | 20    | +20     | 41    | +4      | Total             |


### Discussion

We discussed the timeline of releasing packages based on the community testing policy and agreed that if we get HTCondor-CE into testing this week, we should be able to release it next week


## OSG Investigations Team

-   CMS requested some changes to xrootd monitoring.  Spurred many other changes which are just finishing up.
-   The entire Investigations Team will be attending the IRIS-HEP meeting


### Backburner

-   Working with operations investigating OAuth with co-manage.  Waiting on co-manage (Wisconsin?!?!)


### Future

-   Lots of GRACC questions: <https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-3642>
-   GRACC Taskforce


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/projects/GRACC)
-   [StashCache Project](http://opensciencegrid.org/docs/data/stashcache/overview/)


### Discussions

None this week
