# OSG Technology Area Meeting,  8 June 2020

**Coordinates:** Conference: +1 312-626-6799, PIN: 718 161 330, <https://cern.zoom.us/j/718161330> (password sent separately)  
**Attending:** BrianL, Carl, Diego, Edgar, Mat, Marian, TimT


## Announcements

If you are taking Wednesday Jun 10 off for [#ShutDownSTEM](<https://www.shutdownstem.com/>), please let me know and try to keep an eye on critical infrastructure or urgent items during the day  


### Triage Duty

-   This week: Carl
-   Next week: Edgar
-   7 (-5) open FreshDesk tickets
-   0 (+0) open GGUS ticket


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 148          | +1      | Open              |
| 43           | -1      | In Progress       |
| 14           | +5      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | -11     | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   OSG 3.5.18  
    -   AI (BrianL): Automatically remove completed jobs after 30 days (SOFTWARE-4108)
    -   AI (Diego): Build XRootD 4.12.2 (SOFTWARE-4063)
    -   AI (Diego): Build XRootD plugin .so's based on XRootD version (SOFTWARE-4093)
-   GSI/GridFTP migration  
    -   AI (Edgar): test new GFAL client available in EPEL testing with XRootD 4 and 5
    -   AI (Edgar): Update a VO frontend to GlideinWMS 3.7
    -   AI (Carl): OASIS manager + COManage endpoint (SOFTWARE-3947)
-   Enterprise Linux 8  
    -   AI (Edgar): Test built XRootD packages (lower prio)
    -   AI (Mat): Build osg-wn-client tarball (SOFTWARE-4050)
    -   AI (Mat): Get CentOS 8 images ready for VMU tests (SOFTWARE-4072)


### Discussion

-   `xrootd-hdfs` and `xrootd-lcmaps` currently don't create versioned shared libs. Now that XRootD advertises its major version, it should be reflected in the plugin shared libs.
-   AI (BrianL): create ticket for testing GFAL client for Edgar
-   AI (BrianL): discuss Cybera CE management with Jeff and Igor
-   AI (Diego): noticed that `development` label of the `atlas-xcache` container is old. This is expected so he should delete that label from Docker Hub and update the documentation to use `fresh` instead.
-   EL8 Bosco tarballs fail to build with the new BLAHP source. We don't have a pressing need for this yet but would like this to be resolved in the HTCondor 9.0.0 release


### Support Update

-   Bellarmine (Mat): CE wasn't accepting pilots, turned out to be an old osg-ca-certs version
-   GLOW (Mat): GLOW cache also experienced problems due to the out-of-date osg-ca-certs. Mat will follow-up with Operations to see why check\_mk tests didn't catch this
-   JLab (Edgar): working on security questionnaires so that he can continue setting up services (also has to fill out questionnaires for BNL and FNAL)


## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.52 | &Delta; | Both | &Delta; | 3.5.18 | &Delta; | Total | &Delta; | Status            |
| ------ | ------- | ---- | ------- | ------ | ------- | ----- | ------- | ----------------- |
| 0      | -1      | 1    | +1      | 5      | +0      | 6     | +0      | Open              |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 8      | -2      | 8     | -2      | In Progress       |
| 0      | +0      | 2    | +1      | 8      | +2      | 10    | +3      | Ready for Testing |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | -3      | 0      | -7      | 0     | -10     | Ready for Release |
| 0      | -1      | 3    | -1      | 21     | -7      | 24    | -9      | Total             |

-   Software  
    -   Ready for Testing  
        -   3.5.18  
            -   VOMS 2.0.14-1.6
            -   Frontier Squid 4.11-3.1
            -   scitokens 0.7
            -   Upcoming: HTCondor 8.9.7
            -   xrootd-lcmaps 1.7.7
            -   XCache 1.4.0
            -   stashcache-client 5.6.1
            -   Upcoming: XRootD 5.0.0
            -   EL8 wn client
    -   Ready for Release  
        -   Nothing yet
-   Data  
    -   Nothing
-   Operations  
    -   Nothing
-   Contrib  
    -   Nothing


### Discussion

-   AI (TimT): assign Frontier Squid, XCache, and xrootd-lcmaps tickets to Edgar so he can let us know if he's testing the latest versions in his container deployments
-   HTCondor 8.9.7 will be re-released this week but we need to review Jason's update instructions to publish them ourselves and/or modify the packaging so that manual interventions aren't required
-   Horst has tested and verified the VOMS update


## OSG Investigations Team

-   Derek out today
-   Want to do gracc 2 switchover soon; will wait until Derek's back and also need (another) reindex.


### Discussion

None this week

