# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 20 April 2020

**Coordinates:** Conference: +1 312-626-6799, PIN: 718 161 330, <https://cern.zoom.us/j/718161330> (password sent separately)  
**Attending:** BrianL, Derek, Diego, Edgar, Marco Mambelli, Marian, Mat, TimT


## Announcements

Carl OOO today  


### Triage Duty

-   This week: BrianL
-   Next week: Edgar
-   6 (-5) open FreshDesk tickets
-   1 (-1) open GGUS ticket


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 152          | -5      | Open              |
| 50           | +4      | In Progress       |
| 3            | +0      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | +0      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   OSG Release tickets  
    -   AI (Edgar): Release XRootD 4.12.0 (SOFTWARE-4063)
    -   AI (Edgar): Release CCTools 7.1.0+ (SOFTWARE-4031)
    -   AI (Diego): Troubleshoot VMU test failures with XRootD 5 (SOFTWARE-3923)
-   AI (Mat): troubleshoot issue with EL8 builds due to dependencies being satisfied by modules instead of by repositories
-   AI (BrianL): Begin work on persisting jobs across Open Science CE instances


### Discussion

None this week  


### Support Update

-   AGLT2, BNL, MWT2 (BrianL): negotiator bug in the latest HTCondor 8.8 versions that prevent some jobs from matching when using hierarchical accounting group quotas. HTCondor team working on verifying a fix.
-   AMNH (Derek, Edgar): now running their squid at Manhattan Internet2 node.  New CE being added as well.
-   Brown (Marian): had Webex troubleshooting session last week and will have a follow-up this week. Has some XRootD + NFS configuration that we may want to add to our own documentation.
-   Cybera (Diego): having some issues setting up COVID-19 routes and will discuss with BrianL offline
-   GlideinWMS (Marco, Edgar): a few proxy different proxy issues (missing pathlen, cannot generate VO proxies for a sub-vo, and proxy lifetime not getting passed along properly) that are expected to make it into the next 3.6 and 3.7 releases
-   Purdue (Diego): was able to produce an issue similar to transfers getting stuck by setting and removing network bandwidth restrictions. Will discuss short timeouts with gfal2 client developers.
-   Rutgers (Derek, BrianL): Issues with Accounting groups, prioritization of COVID research.


## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.50 | &Delta; | Both | &Delta; | 3.5.16 | &Delta; | Total | &Delta; | Status            |
| ------ | ------- | ---- | ------- | ------ | ------- | ----- | ------- | ----------------- |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 9      | -3      | 9     | -3      | Open              |
| 1      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 14     | +4      | 15    | +4      | In Progress       |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 2      | +1      | 2     | +1      | Ready for Testing |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 0      | +0      | 0     | +0      | Ready for Release |
| 1      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 25     | +2      | 26    | +2      | Total             |

-   Software  
    -   Ready for Testing  
        -   3.5.16  
            -   GlideinWMS 3.7
            -   osg-ce 3.5-5
-   Data  
    -   Nothing
-   Operations  
    -   Nothing
-   Contrib  
    -   Nothing


### Discussion

None this week


## OSG Investigations Team

-   GRACC transition now monitored with gracc-transition website: <https://gracc-transition.herokuapp.com/>: 100% (within rounding error)
-   Significant GRACC reports refactor.
-   SciTokens + XCache - no progress last week.  Goal for this week.
-   Folding@Home ran at scale on the OSG.
-   Need to figure out the singularity container pruning.
-   XRootD monitoring collector validation is starting.  Effort from Diego and Derek.
    -   Validation presentation this week to CMS / FNAL.


### Discussion

None this week
