# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 22 June 2020

**Coordinates:** Conference: +1 312-626-6799, PIN: 718 161 330, <https://cern.zoom.us/j/718161330> (password sent separately)  
**Attending:**   BrianL, Carl, Derek, Diego, Edgar, Marco Mambelli, Marian, Mat, TimT




## Announcements


### Triage Duty

-   This week: Mat
-   Next week: TimT
-   7 (-2) open FreshDesk tickets
-   0 (+0) open GGUS ticket


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 151          | +1      | Open              |
| 36           | -6      | In Progress       |
| 18           | +8      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | +0      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   OSG 3.5.20
    -   AI (Carl): Broken links on cadist web page (SOFTWARE-3874)
    -   AI (Carl): Release CCTools 7.1.6+ (SOFTWARE-4132)
    -   AI (Diego): Build XRootD plugin .so's based on XRootD version (SOFTWARE-4093)
        -  Also remove the XRootD version requirement that was causing upgrade issues.
           The changes can be tested together.
-   GSI/GridFTP migration
    -   AI (Edgar): test new GFAL client available in EPEL testing with XRootD 4 and 5
        -  The new client works with XRootD 4; still cannot test on XRootD 5rc3.
           Edgar is in communication with Andy to debug and fix.
           Two problems with XRootD: HTTPS is not recognized as a plugin and the proxy is being rejected.
    -   AI (Edgar): Update a VO frontend to GlideinWMS 3.7
 	-  Edgar updated the JLab frontend to GlideinWMS 3.7-1.
 	   Seems stable but there are other, unrelated issues at JLab.
    -   AI (Carl): OASIS manager + COManage endpoint (SOFTWARE-3947)
        -  Some back and forth with Dave Dykstra, who is experiencing authorization issues.
           Since the data is public, it's possible that the authorization check can be dropped.
           Should check that it causes no privacy issues (for example).
    -   AI (Mat): Add API token authentication to Topology (SOFTWARE-4134)
-   Enterprise Linux 8
    -   AI (Edgar): Test built XRootD packages
    -   AI (Mat): Build osg-wn-client tarball (SOFTWARE-4050)
    -   AI (Mat): Get CentOS 8 images ready for VMU tests (SOFTWARE-4072)
-   AI (Carl): Add ability to tag CC\* resources in Topology (SOFTWARE-4000)
    -   The tagging will be done on the Resource level, not Resource Group;
        Derek will have to adjust GRACC import script appropriately, though it's low priority.


### Discussion

None this week.

### Support Update

None this week.

## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.53 | &Delta; | Both | &Delta; | 3.5.19 | &Delta; | Total | &Delta; | Status            |
| ------ | ------- | ---- | ------- | ------ | ------- | ----- | ------- | ----------------- |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | -1      | 5      | +0      | 5     | -1      | Open              |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 10     | +2      | 10    | +2      | In Progress       |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | -2      | 4      | -4      | 4     | -6      | Ready for Testing |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 0      | +0      | 0     | +0      | Ready for Release |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | -3      | 19     | -2      | 19    | -5      | Total             |

-   Software  
    -   Ready for Testing  
        -   3.5.19  
            -   scitokens 0.7
            -   Upcoming: HTCondor 8.9.7
            -   xrootd-lcmaps 1.7.7
            -   Upcoming: XRootD 5.0.0
    -   Ready for Release  
        -   Nothing yet
-   Data  
    -   Nothing
-   Operations  
    -   Nothing
-   Contrib  
    -   Nothing


### Discussion

HTCondor 8.9.7 will be re-released this week but we need to review Jason's update instructions to publish them ourselves and/or modify the packaging so that manual interventions aren't required  


## OSG Investigations Team

-   Derek was on slate training.
-   GRACC 2 switch was performed today.  Lots of investigation effort to figure out bottlenecks.
-   Lots of communication with XRootD team on TLS + Tokens support.


### Discussion

Edgar's student starts in July to do scale testing for HTTP third party copy. Considering testing authenticated CVMFS but might not be worth doing it until the SciTokens switch (since we'd just have to do it again).
