# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 24 August 2020

**Coordinates:** Conference: +1 312-626-6799, PIN: 718 161 330, <https://cern.zoom.us/j/718161330> (password sent separately)  
**Attending:**   Brian L, Carl, Derek, Diego, Edgar, Marco Mambelli, Mat, Tim T



## Announcements

-   OSG All Hands Aug 31 - Sep 3  
    -   Technology section: 1:30-3pm CDT Wed session 2, Sep 2
    -   Edgar giving StashCache talk, BrianB giving overview talk
    -   Register ASAP! <https://opensciencegrid.org/all-hands/2020/registration/>


### Triage Duty

-   This week: BrianL
-   Next week: Diego
-   7 (-1) open FreshDesk tickets
-   1 (+0) open GGUS ticket


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 173          | +4      | Open              |
| 7            | +6      | Selected for Dev  |
| 14           | -13     | In Progress       |
| 7            | +1      | Dev Complete      |
| 32           | +12     | Ready for Testing |
| 2            | +0      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   Register with the OSG COManage: <https://opensciencegrid.org/register>
-   Tech team priorities this week: <https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=19&quickFilter=66>


### Discussion

-   AI (Diego): Continue to build and scitokens packages for EL8.  Contact Jason Patton for software help.
-   AI (Edgar): Build scitokens-issuer for EL8; Derek to merge pull request and make a new release.
-   AI (Edgar): Build osg-gridftp for EL8 since osg-xrootd-standalone is blocked by osg-configure.


### Support Update

-   JLab (BrianL): Walked the admin through setting up an Origin container.
    Topology registration is done; Derek will work on CVMFS.
    JLab will have their own CVMFS endpoint at jlab.opensciencegrid.org, with per-experiment directories.

    - Takeaway: we really need to improve the container so that it's easier to test before Topology registration.
      Our current policy is to require registration before installing the software; we will revisit the policy.

-   Vanderbilt (BrianL): Pilots being killed by the CE after 8 hours (shortly after a proxy renewal). Investigating with the HTCondor team.

-   Edgar: Working on giving UC-Irvine a hosted CE on SLATE.
    Also planning to set up a hosted CE for EXPANSE, but needs to do it without SLATE.

    - Martin Kandes has complained about the install instructions for the worker node client.
      Brian L would like additional information;
      for a hosted CE, the site admin shouldn't have to install worker node client.

-   Marco Mambelli: Planning to release glideinWMS 3.6.3; there is a known issue with a missing dependency in the spec file, which will be fixed in the next release.
    - glideinWMS 3.7.1-rc1 has been released.

-   Tim T: Built Bosco tarballs for EL8 per Ops request for Clemson.


## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.54 | &Delta; | Both | &Delta; | 3.5.22 | &Delta; | Total | &Delta; | Status                   |
| ------ | ------- | ---- | ------- | ------ | ------- | ----- | ------- | ------------------------ |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 10     | +2      | 10    | +2      | Open                     |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 0      | +0      | 0     | +0      | Selected for Development |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 6      | +0      | 6     | +0      | In Progress              |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 2      | +2      | 2     | +2      | Development Complete     |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 14     | +3      | 14    | +3      | Ready for Testing        |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 1      | +0      | 1     | +0      | Ready for Release        |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 33     | +7      | 33    | +7      | Total                    |

-   Software  
    -   Ready for Testing  
        -   3.5.22  
            -   HTCondor 8.8.10
            -   gratia-probe-1.20.14
            -   tcmalloc in OSG XCaches
            -   xrootd-lcmaps 1.7.8: OpenSSL 1.1.1 support
            -   XRootD plugins - version matching
            -   Upcoming: HTCondor 8.9.8
            -   Upcoming: XRootD 5.0.0
    -   Ready for Release  
        -   oidc-agent 3.3.3
-   Data  
    -   Nothing
-   Operations  
    -   Nothing
-   Contrib  
    -   Nothing


### Discussion

None this week  


## OSG Investigations Team

-   XRootD Validation document is released: (<https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.3981359>)
-   (No-progress) CVMFS Singularity Sync is going to start using singularity to create the containers. Working on testing, see github discussion:  
    -   <https://github.com/opensciencegrid/cvmfs-singularity-sync/issues/245>
    -   More feedback from interested parties and they seem to be happy. Will provide feedback when Derek is back from vacation.
-   StashCP Go implementation, may want some help with "evaluating" it as a replacement for stashcp.  
    -   Added cvmfs and check for xrootd functionality.
-   Proactive site monitoring is progressing nicely.  Goal: Present this week
-   GPUs for Folding@Home took some debugging with Mats, but as of this morning, seem to be working great.


### Discussion

Miron has expressed interest in improving Hosted CE monitoring

-   Tim T discovered that the HTCondor Campus Factory subpackage is broken;
    was wondering what it was, and if it was still in use, or required for BOSCO.

    Derek (original author) said it was a way for campuses to set up a mini-Glidein Factory.
    bosco_cluster has callouts to it but they can be removed with minimal effort.
