# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 29 June 2020

**Coordinates:** Conference: +1 312-626-6799, PIN: 718 161 330, <https://cern.zoom.us/j/718161330> (password sent separately)  
**Attending:**   Brian, Derek, Diego, Marian, Mat, Edgar, TimT, Marco Mambelli


## Announcements

-   Carl OOO today
-   Edgar OOO Tue + Wed afternoons; Thu
-   UCSD, UNL out Friday
-   Mat out Friday
-   Brian out next Mon and Tue
-   Tim out for two weeks starting next Mon


### Triage Duty

-   This week: TimT
-   Next week: Diego
-   7 (+0) open FreshDesk tickets
-   0 (+0) open GGUS ticket


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 152          | +1      | Open              |
| 40           | +4      | In Progress       |
| 20           | +2      | Ready for Testing |
| 1            | +1      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   OSG 3.5.20  
    -   AI (Carl): Broken links on cadist web page (SOFTWARE-3874)
    -   AI (Diego): Build XRootD plugin .so's based on XRootD version (SOFTWARE-4093)
-   GSI/GridFTP migration  
    -   AI (Edgar): verify the version of GFAL client you tested so we can give it karma (SOFTWARE-4120)
        - Edgar will also test GFAL client + xrootd 5 on the same machine
    -   AI (Mat): Add API token authentication to Topology (SOFTWARE-4134)
-   Enterprise Linux 8  
    -   AI (Edgar): Add OpenSSL 1.1.1 support to xrootd-lcmaps (SOFTWARE-4150)
        - Edgar to update ticket with areas of code that need to be updated
    -   AI (Mat): Finish doc for VM base images, separating out the effort required to building EL8 vs the rest (SOFTWARE-4072)
    -   AI (Mat): Build osg-wn-client tarball (SOFTWARE-4050)
-   AI (Carl): Add ability to tag CC\* resources in Topology (SOFTWARE-4000)


### Discussion



### Support Update

Edgar:
    - Georgia Tech StashCache using very old version of the packages; the error is about not being able to get an Authfile from topology.
    - Clas12 is registered as a project but not a VO, which was causing issues because they are sending batch records tagged with a "Clas12" VO.
      Since they are part of JLab, they should be under the JLab umbrella but they are using their own top-level VOMS attribute.
      Clas12 will be registered as a VO under the JLab VO in topology (similar to how DUNE is registered).

Diego:
    - Helped Riccardo di Maria set up an XRootD dev environment.  Riccardo was compiling XRootD himself, which resulted in a different version number for XRootD and this led to dependency resolution issues when installing the plugins.
    - Worked with JINR sysadmin to test HTTP transfers between UCSD and JINR.




## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.53 | &Delta; | Both | &Delta; | 3.5.19 | &Delta; | Total | &Delta; | Status            |
| ------ | ------- | ---- | ------- | ------ | ------- | ----- | ------- | ----------------- |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 0      | +0      | 0     | +0      | Open              |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 1      | +1      | 1     | +1      | In Progress       |
| 0      | +0      | 1    | +0      | 11     | +0      | 12    | +0      | Ready for Testing |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 0      | +0      | 0     | +0      | Ready for Release |
| 0      | +0      | 1    | +0      | 12     | +1      | 13    | +1      | Total             |

-   Software  
    -   Ready for Testing  
        -   3.5.19  
            -   HTCondor-CE 4.4.0
            -   XRootD 4.12.3
            -   scitokens 0.7
            -   Upcoming: HTCondor 8.9.7
            -   xrootd-lcmaps 1.7.7
            -   Upcoming: XRootD 5.0.0
    -   Ready for Release  
        -   Nothing yet
-   Data  
    -   Nothing
-   Operations  
    -   Nothing
-   Contrib  
    -   Nothing


### Discussion


## OSG Investigations Team

-   GRACC2 transition tasks are still ongoing.
-   XRootD Monitoring Validation is ongoing, and take significant amount of time (and development / bugfixes)
-   CVMFS Singularity Sync is going to start using singularity to create the containers.  Working with interested properties on testing.  
    -   <https://github.com/opensciencegrid/cvmfs-singularity-sync/issues/245>
-   Lots of communication with XRootD team on TLS + Tokens support.


### Discussion

None this week
