# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 16 November 2020

**Coordinates:** Conference: +1 312-626-6799, PIN: 718 161 330, <https://cern.zoom.us/j/718161330> (password sent separately)  
**Attending:** BrianB, BrianL, Carl, Junheng, Marco Mambelli, Mat, TimT  


## Announcements

-   Tech Area meeting merged into Monday morning 9am CST stand-ups! Please provide any feedback to BrianL
-   BrianL OOO next week, Mat and BrianB to act as back-up


### Triage Duty

-   This week: BrianL
-   Next week: Carl
-   4 (-7) open FreshDesk tickets
-   0 (-1) open GGUS ticket


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 141          | -5      | Open              |
| 15           | -1      | Selected for Dev  |
| 22           | +2      | In Progress       |
| 16           | +2      | Dev Complete      |
| 22           | -2      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | +0      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   [Container dev guide](../../software/container-development-guide.md) updated for GHA
-   [New docs](../../documentation/publish-osg-pages.md#transitioning-to-github-actions) for upgrading MkDocs repos to GHA


### Discussion

-   AI (Junheng): work on osg-notify bug-fix
-   AI (Mat): OSG-Configure tasks promised to the GlideinWMS team for the end of November.
-   GlideinWMS  
    -   Mat found a GlideinWMS bug when working on Ubuntu support; Marco to review and merge, which should get us further along since the affected script is pulled from the master branch
    -   3.7.1 got promoted to production.
    -   Working on merging the changes to the Python 3 version.
    -   UCSD factories are both running the 3.7 series.
    -   CERN factory still running 3.6 series.
    -   3.7.2 expected to handle missing GSI infrastructure.


### Support Update

IceCube (Mat) - playing whack-a-mole with Stash Origin issues (docs have already been improved as a result). Currently investigating permission issues that are likely in the XRootD configuration layer.  


## OSG Investigations Team

BrianB has made quite a bit of progress on the OS pool registry:  

-   Almost has an end-to-end proof of concept working in the osgdev namespace on Tiger
-   Put together a development container so that work can be handed off


### Discussion

None this week  


## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.58 | &Delta; | Both | &Delta; | 3.5.28 | &Delta; | Total | &Delta; | Status                   |
| ------ | ------- | ---- | ------- | ------ | ------- | ----- | ------- | ------------------------ |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 11     | +0      | 11    | +0      | Open                     |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 3      | +0      | 3     | +0      | Selected for Development |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 2      | +2      | 2     | +2      | In Progress              |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 1      | +0      | 1     | +0      | Development Complete     |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 5      | -2      | 5     | -2      | Ready for Testing        |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 0      | +0      | 0     | +0      | Ready for Release        |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 22     | +0      | 22    | +0      | Total                    |

-   Software  
    -   Ready for Testing  
        -   3.5.28  
            -   XRootD 4.12.5
            -   EL8: bunch of stuff (still waiting for HTCondor-CE)
    -   Ready for Release  
        -   3.5.28  
            -   Nothing yet
-   Data  
    -   Nothing
-   Operations  
    -   Nothing
-   Contrib  
    -   Nothing


### Discussion

AI (TimT):  

-   Build HTCondor 8.8 and 8.9 in OSG & run VMU tests
-   Talk to Horst about testing XRootD 4  
    Difficult to find to find willing testers for XRootD 4 since XCache servers are all using XRootD 5  
    on the other hand, non-XCache servers are reluctant to upgrade; talk to Dave Mason for help.
-   Look at EL 6 retirement spreadsheet
-   Move cronjobs from ingwe to moria
