# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 10 August 2020

**Coordinates:** Conference: +1 312-626-6799, PIN: 718 161 330, <https://cern.zoom.us/j/718161330> (password sent separately)  
**Attending:**   BrianL, Carl, Derek, Diego, Edgar, Marco Mambelli, Marian, Mat, TimT


## Announcements

-   Doc focus this Thursday starting at 13:30 CDT
-   OSG All Hands Aug 31 - Sep 3
-   Release of vo-client as soon as possible today because of SLAC VOMS server cert expiration

### Triage Duty

-   This week: TimT
-   Next week: Diego
-   8 (+0) open FreshDesk tickets
-   0 (+0) open GGUS ticket


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 165          | -1      | Open              |
| 41           | +0      | In Progress       |
| 19           | -1      | Ready for Testing |
| 1            | +1      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

Tech team priorities this week: <https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=19>

-   AI: Carl - Release IGTF certs today.
    - This includes EL8 builds.
-   AI: Carl - Tracking CC* GPU jobs (in progress).
-   AI: Mat - Update osg-test to handle StashCache and SciTokens integration.
-   AI: Diego - Build scitokens packages for EL8.
    -   This includes scitokens-credmon for EL8, which requires Python 3 support.
-   AI: Diego - Run VMU tests for frontier squid.
-   Edgar tested XCache for XRootD 4 in EL8; it needed condor and blahp built for EL8 but it is successfully running.
-   AI: Edgar - Send BrianL an `rpm -qa` dump to help get a list of all the packages that were touched.
-   Edgar tested XCache 1.5.0 but found some issues; will make a PR.
-   TimT - built HTCondor 8.9 in upcoming for EL8; will make a patch to fix permission issues that cause RPM verification to fail.
-   BLAHP needs to built for upcoming; BrianL will investigate if there are any related tickets.


### Discussion

None this week


### Support Update

-   TimT: Received a ticket for XRootD Ceph support; will route it to BrianL.
-   Edgar: Wesley Smith at JLab is installing the origin and has some questions about the documentation,
    specifically about Topology registration.


## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.54 | &Delta; | Both | &Delta; | 3.5.22 | &Delta; | Total | &Delta; | Status            |
| ------ | ------- | ---- | ------- | ------ | ------- | ----- | ------- | ----------------- |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 7      | +2      | 7     | +2      | Open              |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 6      | +3      | 6     | +3      | In Progress       |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 12     | -5      | 12    | -5      | Ready for Testing |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 0      | -4      | 0     | -4      | Ready for Release |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 25     | -4      | 25    | -4      | Total             |

-   Software  
    -   Ready for Testing  
        -   3.5.21  
            -   oidc-agent 3.3.3
            -   XRootD plugins - version matching
            -   Upcoming XRootD 5.0.0
    -   Ready for Release  
        -   Nothing
-   Data  
    -   Nothing
-   Operations  
    -   Nothing
-   Contrib  
    -   Nothing


### Discussion

XRootD 5.0.0 is ready for release


## OSG Investigations Team

-   Validation document is in "Draft"
-   CVMFS Singularity Sync is going to start using singularity to create the containers. Working on testing, see github discussion:  
    -   <https://github.com/opensciencegrid/cvmfs-singularity-sync/issues/245>
    -   More feedback from interested parties and they seem to be happy. Will provide feedback when Derek is back from vacation.
-   Derek needs help with XCache test failures.
-   StashCP Go implementation, may want some help with "evaluating" it as a replacement for stashcp.


### Discussion

None this week
