# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 29 January 2018

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>   
**Attending:** BrianL, Carl, Derek, Edgar, Marian, Mat, TimC, TimT  


## Announcements

-   Suchandra will only be available in the afternoons until Feb 5
-   TimT will be gone starting next Monday, returning Feb 19


### Triage Duty

-   This week: Suchandra
-   Next week: Carl
-   23 (+13) open tickets


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 123          | -11     | Open              |
| 23           | -10     | In Progress       |
| 24           | +6      | Ready for Testing |
| 5            | +1      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   15 tickets will be opened with edg-mkgridmap/GUMS sites to transition to LCMAPS VOMS authentication  
    -   There are already instructions for edg-mkgridmap to transition.  
        The timeline we'd like to see is that edg-mkgridmap sites transition by the end of March.
    -   GUMS sites are trickier:
        -   If they attach their GUMS config, MAKE SURE THEIR DB USERNAME/PASS ARE REDACTED
        -   Find out what GUMS clients they may have: CE, gridftp, xrootd, dcache, bestman. The first three all support LCMAPS VOMS auth, dcache and bestman2 do not. They cannot turn off their GUMS until they transition off of dcache/bestman2.
        -   Let Carl know of any attached GUMS configs and the output of \`rpm -q osg-gums-config\`.
-   GCT: Frank Scheiner registered Gitbook/ReadTheDocs orgs but hasn't worked on the documentation other than that. Let's get started on making the transition from Globus to GCF/GCT. I can help setup GitHub docs.
-   OSG 3.4.7  
    -   HDFS tested at Nebraska, looks good over the weekend
    -   Can we sneak HTCondor into this release?
-   GOC tickets should be closed in favor of JIRA tickets if the user agrees to it ([GOC vs JIRA](/policy/software-support#goc-vs-jira)):
    -   https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/34406
    -   https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/35448
    -   https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/35735
-   Doc Focus 2 is scheduled for 1pm CST on Feb 1


### Discussion

Edgar would like notes on how to determine what auth clients are using for help with the LCMAPS VOMS transition  


### Support Update

-   display.opensciencegrid.org (Carl) - errors are showing because of empty data from GRACC; trying to replicate
-   Nebraska/Purdue (Derek) - Issues with CPU usage being reported to the WLCG.


## OSG Release Team

| 3.4.7 | &Delta; | Status            |
|----- |------- |----------------- |
| 0     | -7      | Open              |
| 0     | -16     | In Progress       |
| 25    | +11     | Ready for Testing |
| 5     | +1      | Ready for Release |
| 30    | -11     | Total             |

-   3.4.7  
    -   HDFS 2.6 and supporting packages
        -   xrootd-hdfs
        -   gridftp-hdfs
    -   HTCondor 8.6.9
    -   HTCondor 8.7.6
    -   Singularity 2.4.2: Major upgrade from 2.3.2
    -   frontier-squid 3.5.27-2.1
    -   Pegasus 4.8.1
    -   osg-pki-tools: fix to osg-user-cert-renew
    -   PerfSonar tools meta-package  
        -   owamp
        -   nuttcp
        -   bwctl
    -   Remove dependencies on osg-version
    -   osg-ca-generator 1.3.0  
        -   backups should be created if using &#x2013;force
        -   Generate LSC file
    -   Remove Slurm from osg-contrib


### Discussions

Expect TimT's proposal for making documentation review part of the release process this week  


## OSG Investigations Team

-   CMS WLCG cpu utilization debugging
-   OSG Docker images are getting a bit big, working with user support team to audit their contents
-   Doc Focus this week!
-   New PS service coming to GRACC
-   [HTCondor xfer stats](https://gracc.opensciencegrid.org/kibana/app/kibana#/dashboard/AWC4YIw_ZzwVQT7jgpwE)


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/projects/GRACC/)
-   [StashCache Project (New URL!)](https://opensciencegrid.org/docs/data/stashcache/overview/)


### Discussions

Derek will follow up with Scott T to update HTCondor to a version that supports xfer stats
