# OSG Technology Area Meeting,  7 May 2018

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>  
**Attending:**  


## Announcements

BrianL out Thursday afternoon and Friday  


### Triage Duty

-   This week: TimT
-   Next week: Carl
-   11 (-3) open tickets
-   10 (-2) open LCMAPS VOMS tickets


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 110          | -5      | Open              |
| 40           | -4      | In Progress       |
| 24           | +10     | Ready for Testing |
| 11           | +7      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   Items from last week:  
    -   Derek: Ticket exchanges with Freshdesk
    -   Suchandra: Reversing ticket comment order in Freshdesk
    -   BrianL: Spoke with Marina about adding a banner to ticket
-   Freshdesk usage discussion: tentatively Thursday 5/17
-   JIRA migration: soon (?) but no date set
-   Office hours: Tuesdays 2-3pm CDT and Thursdays 10-11am CDT


### Discussion

None this week  


### Support Update

Caltech (Derek/Marian) - CVMFS is now indexing the new origin.  


## OSG Release Team

| 3.3.34 | &Delta; | Both | &Delta; | 3.4.11 | &Delta; | Total | &Delta; | Status            |
|------ |------- |---- |------- |------ |------- |----- |------- |----------------- |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | +0      | 4      | -14     | 4     | -14     | Open              |
| 0      | +0      | 0    | -1      | 2      | -7      | 2     | -8      | In Progress       |
| 0      | +0      | 2    | +2      | 21     | +13     | 23    | +15     | Ready for Testing |
| 3      | +3      | 0    | -3      | 1      | +1      | 4     | +1      | Ready for Release |
| 3      | +3      | 2    | -2      | 28     | -7      | 33    | -6      | Total             |

-   OSG 3.4.11 - Release Tomorrow  
    -   High Priority Release: Singularity 2.5.0
-   OSG 3.4.12 - Testing  
    -   GlideinWMS 3.2.22  
        -   proxy renewal script properly process with the default FQAN
    -   Gratia probes  
        -   Fixed Slurm probe bugs found at UFL
        -   HTCondor probe: projectname case insensitive comparison
        -   PBS probe: Handle raw seconds as well as hh:mm:ss for durations
        -   Drop GRAM and glexec probe
    -   XRootD 4.8.2
-   OSG 3.3.34 - Mostly Ready for Release  
    -   Eradicate grid.iu.edu references - in testing
    -   xrootd-lcmaps 1.2.1-3: fixed crashes on Enterprise Linux 6 when request were made using HTTPS
    -   frontier-squid: fixed startup problem under SELinux


### Discussions

-   Action Item (BrianL): follow up with Zalak on adding Let's Encrypt to the CA bundle


## OSG Investigations Team

GOC Transition is going to dominate the Investigations Team's time over the next couple of weeks.   I want to give general status of the transitions we are participating in.  So, I will give a couple of states:  

1.  Have not started
2.  In development - Could be provisioning hardware, adapting software, installing software&#x2026;
3.  Ready for testing - In a state where it can be tested by the consumers
4.  Deployed

| Service               | Status            |
|--------------------- |----------------- |
| OIM                   | In Development    |
| OASIS                 | Ready for testing |
| CVMFS                 | Ready for testing |
| Software Repo         | Deployed          |
| OSG Display           | Deployed          |
| StashCache Redirector | Deployed          |
| OSG Collector         | Ready for testing |

Changes:  

-   OSG Display: Testing -> Deployed.  Switched [DNS](<https://display.opensciencegrid.org>) on 4/26.
-   Software Repo: Will switch DNS on 5/1 (Tuesday).  Announcement went out 4/25
-   OASIS: Will make switch on 5/3 (Thursday).  Announcement went out 4/27
-   Need to schedule OSG Collector switch (Consumers are internal and AGIS, so do we announce it?)


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/projects/GRACC/)
-   [StashCache Project](https://opensciencegrid.github.io/StashCache/)


### Discussions

-   Action item (Derek): draft an email for the central collector DNS switch
-   Action item (TimT): draft an email for host/service cert renewal
