# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 24 Semptember 2018

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>

**Attending:** Mat, TimC, TimT, Edgar, Derek, Marian
<!--BrianB, BrianL, Carl, Derek, Edgar, Jeff, Marian, Mat, Suchandra, TimC, TimT-->


## Announcements

Both Brian and Mat out next week; TimT running meeting
TimT will handle promotion requests.




### Triage Duty

-   This week: Edgar
-   Next week: Carl
-   3 (-3) open tickets


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------- |-------- |------------------ |
| 135          | +1      | Open              |
| 20           | -1      | In Progress       |
| 14           | +3      | Ready for Testing |
| 5            | +1      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

Reminder: topology and especially downtime updates should be considered high priority.
Please watch the [topology GitHub repo](https://github.com/opensciencegrid/topology).

Carl is working on automation but is out all this week so it might take a while before it's ready.


### Discussions

none


### Support Update

- Edgar working on a HTCondor-CE ticket for Rice but needs help; Marian may be able to help
- Marian helped MIT with XRootD set up to support HTTPS; hopefully successful;
    were able to upgrade 3 of 6 data server but they have a mix of OSG 3.3 and 3.4
  - OASIS Replica production update ran into issues due to Kernel problems so downtime lasted longer than expected. Should be up and running now.


## OSG Release Team



### Discussions




## OSG Investigations Team


### Last Week


### This Week



### Ongoing

