# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 25 June 2018

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>  
**Attending:**   


## Announcements

-   CHEP (July 7 - July 13)
-   OSG User School (July 9 - July 13)


### Triage Duty

-   This week: Carl
-   Next week: TimT
-   7 (-4) open tickets


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 116          | +1      | Open              |
| 28           | -1      | In Progress       |
| 15           | +6      | Ready for Testing |
| 2            | +1      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   OSG 3.4.14  
    -   Goal is to release next week, get builds RFT at the beginning of the week
    -   Waiting on builds for osg-configure, osg-pki-tools, and RSV
-   Firewall rules for the Madison ITB need to be updated to allow the UCSD factory


### Discussion

None this week  


### Support Update

-   Topology (BrianL, Mat): Topology and contact updates


## OSG Investigations Team


### Operations

TODO:  

-   (Ongoing) Getting sites to transition to the new HTCondor collector
-   Discussion of SLA's, availability metrics&#x2026;
-   Puppetize: Collectors, topology, GRACC


### Investigations

In Progress:  

-   Working on releasing Writeable Stashcache as production
-   Beginning work with Internet2 to place StashCache in connection points.
-   Consulting with [SLATE](http://slateci.io/) for StashCache installtion.
-   Working with Network group on PS data.
-   Moving StashCache docs to OSG docs page: <https://github.com/opensciencegrid/docs/pull/388>


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/projects/GRACC/)
-   [StashCache Project](https://opensciencegrid.github.io/StashCache/)


### Discussions

None this week
