# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 14 September 2021

-   **Coordinates:** Conference: +1-415-655-0002, PIN: 146 266 9392,
    <https://morgridge.webex.com/webappng/sites/morgridge/meeting/info/791d9dddc5464eb6a73fc7746331d06c> (password sent separately)
-   **Attending:** BrianL, Carl, Marco Mambelli, Marian, Mat

## Announcements

- Canceling next week's meeting due to HTCondor Week
- Mat OOO Sep 17-22

### Triage Duty

-   This week: TimT
-   Next week: BrianL (?)
-   10 (-1) open FreshDesk tickets
-   0 (+0) open GGUS ticket

### Jira (as of Monday)

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|--------------|---------|-------------------|
| 162          | -1      | Open              |
| 33           | +1      | Selected for Dev  |
| 32           | -5      | In Progress       |
| 13           | -1      | Dev Complete      |
| 4            | +0      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | +0      | Ready for Release |

## OSG Software Team

-   Release
    -   AI (Carl): Cut new Gratia Probe 2.x RPM
    -   AI (Mat): XRootD in OSG 3.6 (SOFTWARE-4494)
-   GSI Transition
    -   AI (Carl): Review osg-token-renewer doc and merge if satisfied
-   Other
    -   AI (BrianL): Add SSH certificate to the Hosted CE
    -   AI (BrianL): Add Topology endpoint for querying resources tied to VOs
    -   AI (BrianL): Add Singularity backfill container CI tests
    -   AI (BrianL): Investigate host cert on the CMS Hosted CE at Frontera to see if UW needs to renew it

### Discussion

-   GlideinWMS 3.9.3rc1 available; will be built into 3.5-contrib;
    requesting a build for 3.6 as well.  GSI not completely removed yet but that's acceptable because it will help with the transition

-   FNAL and CERN expected to announce EL8 plans in October

### Support Update

-   Florida (BrianL): uncovered a few bugs with job router transforms in HTCondor-CE 5.1.1.
    To be fixed in 5.1.2 in an expected upstream release this week.
-   Marian: add Andrew Melo back as an OASIS manager; contact Mat if Topology assistance is needed
-   Mat: Assist Vlad at IceCube with permissions problems at their new Stash Origin; contact Derek for assistance as needed
-   Carl: LIGO fixed their ProbeConfig and some records started showing up.
    LIGO-WA-CalTech records are sparse; Carl will ask LIGO if this is expected

## OSG DevOps

New:
-   GRACC update completed; backup service verification to come this week.
-   Request to inject entire HTCondor job classad into GRACC records.  Will require gratia-probe-condor changes.
-   Stashcp changes to support authenticated reading from /ospool namespace.

Ongoing:
-   Shoveler is working and lightly tested.  Collector is 90% done.
-   Checksums in xrootd-multiuser is 80% done.

Back burner:
-   (Stalled, but need to get back to it) XRootD accounting information (from Frank):
    -   May need help with automating the process of generating these reports.  A month only takes a few minutes.  Longer periods take much longer.
    -   Table of working set, read, and re-read for monthly, quarterly, and year.
-   XRootD TCP plugin is ready for packaging.  Derek will follow up with software team on who to hand that off to.
    -   https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-4744

### Discussion

None this week

## OSG Release Team

-   OSG 3.5.46 and OSG 3.6
    -   Ready for Testing
        -   GlideinWMS 3.7.5
        -   cvmfs-x509-helper 2.2-2 and osg-oasis 17-4
    -   Ready for Release
        -   Nothing

### Discussion

None this week
