# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 30 November 2021

-   **Coordinates:** Conference: +1-415-655-0002, PIN: 146 266 9392,
    <https://morgridge.webex.com/webappng/sites/morgridge/meeting/info/791d9dddc5464eb6a73fc7746331d06c> (password sent separately)
-   **Attending:** Brian L, Derek, Marco Mambelli, Mat, Tim T

## Announcements

BrianL out next Monday, Dec 6

### Triage Duty

-   This week: BrianL
-   Next week: Mat
-   7 (-2) open FreshDesk tickets
-   0 (+0) open GGUS ticket

### Jira (as of Monday)

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|--------------|---------|-------------------|
| 181          | +19     | Open              |
| 22           | -19     | Selected for Dev  |
| 39           | -2      | In Progress       |
| 8            | -2      | Dev Complete      |
| 16           | +2      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | +0      | Ready for Release |

## OSG Software Team

-   Kubernetes Hackathon today
    -   AI (BrianL): Put certmanager config of individual VO frontends into the base vo-frontend resource
    -   AI (Mat): Work with John Thiltges to set up an additional instance of repo.opensciencegrid.org on the River cluster
-   Release
    -   AI (BrianL): Release xrootd 5.3.3+ for OSG 3.5 upcoming and OSG 3.6 (SOFTWARE-4903, SOFTWARE-4904)
    -   AI (Mat): Create transitional dummy package for `xrootd-lcmaps` in 3.6 (SOFTWARE-4481)
    -   AI (BrianL): Release xrootd-rucioN2N-for-Xcache-1.2-3.3+ in OSG 3.6 (SOFTWARE-4894)
    -   AI (Mat): Package `xrootd-tcp-stats` plugin (SOFTWARE-4744)
    -   AI (BrianL): osg-pki-tools in EL8 (SOFTWARE-4786)
-   Token transition
    -   AI (Mat): add the ability to specify subjects to token issuer mappings (SOFTWARE-4915)
    -   AI (Mat): merge `xrootd-for-3.6` `osg-test` branch into `master`
    -   AI (BrianL): Investigate XRootD 3.6 TPC failures in the nightlies

### Discussion

XRootD 5.3.2 will be released for 3.6 this week, with the caveat that origins shouldn't use it.

GlideinWMS 3.7.6 is in progress, as is CentOS 8 support for the 3.9 series.

### Support Update

-   Lancium (BrianL): OS Registry doesn't work with Google or ORCID accounts since they don't provide an
    `eduPersonPrincipalName` (`eppn`)
-   BNL (BrianL): help with OSPool Token Registry issues with the BNL and BNL-SDCC IdPs
-   BNL (Mat): debug authentication issues when accessing an xrootd server using WebDAV

## OSG DevOps

- Stashcp now supports recursive downloads.  Release upcoming.  How should we handle packaging of stashcache-client in OSG repos?
    - Some stashcp debugging is in order for proxy support.
- xrootd-monitoring-shoveler going to be tested at Florida tomorrow

### Discussion

None this week

## OSG Release Team

Release tomorrow:

-   Ready for Release
    -   OSG 3.5
        -   vo-client 115
        -   python-scitokens 1.6.2
    -   OSG 3.5-upcoming
        -   HTCondor 9.0.7 (has GSI, proxy delegation works)
    -   OSG 3.6
        -   vo-client 115
        -   XRootD 5.3.2
        -   xrootd-multiuser 2.0.3
        -   XCache 3.0.0
        -   osg-xrootd 3.6-10
        -   HTCondor 9.0.7 (no GSI, proxy delegation broken)
        -   blahp 2.2.0 (no GSI)
        -   GlideinWMS 3.9.3
        -   Pegasus 5.0.1
        -   python-scitokens 1.6.2
    -   OSG 3.6-upcoming
        -   HTCondor 9.3.0 (no GSI, proxy delegation works)

### Discussion

None this week
