# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 16 February 2021

**Coordinates:** Conference: +1-415-655-0002, PIN: 146 266 9392, <https://morgridge.webex.com/webappng/sites/morgridge/meeting/info/791d9dddc5464eb6a73fc7746331d06c> (password sent separately)  
**Attending:**    Brian L, Carl, Derek, Marco Mambelli, Marian, Mat, Tim T


## Announcements

-   OSG All Hands March 1-5


### Triage Duty

-   This week: BrianL
-   Next week: Mat
-   2 (-1) open FreshDesk tickets
-   0 (+0) open GGUS ticket


### Jira

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 134          | -4      | Open              |
| 16           | +4      | Selected for Dev  |
| 31           | -3      | In Progress       |
| 14           | -1      | Dev Complete      |
| 39           | +5      | Ready for Testing |
| 1            | +0      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   OSG 3.6 deadline at the end of February (<https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-4282>)  
    -   Package build tasks (<https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-4475>)
        New column added for EL8 success/failure
    -   AI (Carl): Consolidate Gratia probes (<https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-4467>)
    -   AI (Mat): Release osg-configure 4.0.0 (<https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-4468>)
    -   AI (GlideinWMS devs): Build GlideinWMS for 3.6 and 3.6-upcoming
-   OSG 3.5.32  
    -   AI (Carl): Release Python 3 compatible gratia probe
-   Doc Focus Feb 25 (all day if possible)


### Discussion

-   Container backfill: GRACC can handle the new 'Execution Endpoint' service.
-   GlideinWMS 3.9.1 is out; HTTP service has been split out of the default RPM to make containerization easier.
-   Q (Marian): How does the factory know how much disk space is available for a slot?
    - A (Marco): Uses what HTCondor reports (which is dynamically measured).  Open HTCondor ticket (HTCONDOR-174) for adding a way to set a disk quota for a slot.
- HTCondor 8.9.12 will not be ready for 3.6 so we will ship 8.9.11.


### Support Update

-   SIUE (Southern Illinois University Edwardsville) (BrianL): discussing CE support for Ubuntu
-   CU Boulder (BrianL, Carl, Derek): some 0 CPU usage records with non-zero walltimes


## OSG DevOps

-   OSG Status page: Developing script to synchronize OSG contact list to subscribe the status page
-   GRACC (continued progress):  
    -   documentation for the GRACC rolling update and fresh install
    -   APEL Reporting - still investigating whether should we update to the new AMS
-   Gratia probe update for queue time metric
-   XRootD accounting information (from Frank):  
    -   Table of working set, read, and re-read for monthly, quarterly, and year.
    -   Map of StashCache origins and caches.  Discussing implementation details with Tim.
-   Discussion of the Zoom attendees script Derek wrote.


### Discussion

None this week  


## OSG Release Team

| 3.5.32 | &Delta; | Status                   |
| ------ | ------- | ------------------------ |
| 7      | -1      | Open                     |
| 3      | +1      | Selected for Development |
| 3      | -1      | In Progress              |
| 1      | -1      | Development Complete     |
| 22     | +5      | Ready for Testing        |
| 0      | +0      | Ready for Release        |
| 36     | +3      | Total                    |

-   Software  
    -   Ready for Testing  
        -   gratia-probe 1.22.3
        -   osg-ce 3.5-6
    -   Ready for Release  
        -   Nothing
-   Data  
    -   Nothing
-   Operations  
    -   Nothing
-   Contrib  
    -   Nothing


### Discussion

-   AI (TimT): clean up stale RFT tickets
