# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 9 November 2021

-   **Coordinates:** Conference: +1-415-655-0002, PIN: 146 266 9392,
    <https://morgridge.webex.com/webappng/sites/morgridge/meeting/info/791d9dddc5464eb6a73fc7746331d06c> (password sent separately)
-   **Attending:** BrianL, Marian, Mat, TimT

## Announcements
-   Doc focus this Friday (11/12)
-   Marian leaving November 30

### Triage Duty

-   This week: BrianL
-   Next week: Mat
-   11 (+0) open FreshDesk tickets
-   0 (+0) open GGUS ticket

### Jira (as of Monday)

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|--------------|---------|-------------------|
| 161          | +1      | Open              |
| 39           | -1      | Selected for Dev  |
| 49           | +7      | In Progress       |
| 12           | +1      | Dev Complete      |
| 1            | -6      | Ready for Testing |
| 1            | +1      | Ready for Release |

## OSG Software Team

-   Release
    -   AI (Mat, BrianL): XRootD in OSG 3.6 (SOFTWARE-4494)
    -   AI (Carl, BrianL): osg-pki-tools in OSG 3.6 (SOFTWARE-4786)
    -   AI (BrianL): Release python-scitokens 1.6.0+ (SOFTWARE-4879)
    -   AI (Mat): Pegasus in OSG 3.6 (SOFTWARE-4877)
    -   AI (Mat): Release oidc-agent 4.2.2+ (SOFTWARE-4885)
    -   AI (Mat): kick off tests for vault/htvault/htgettoken (SOFTWARE-4884)
-   Token transition
    -   AI (Mat): add the ability to specify subjects + description to token issuer mappings

### Discussion

-   GlideinWMS 3.9.3 is ready to go.

### Support Update

-   Georgia State University (BrianL): followed up on their suggestion to use SSH ProxyCommand
-   JLab (BrianL): had more discussions about setting up token issuers
-   University of Southern California (BrianL): worked through issues requesting tokens for the backfill container and
    problems with startup
-   University of Connecticut (Mat, Marian): modifying the namespaces that are exported in their Stash Origins.
    Mat provided XRootD configuration changes; Marian will take care of CVMFS syncing.
-   JLab (Marian, BrianL): Updated certificate configuration in JLab frontend to avoid issues with the Let's Encrypt root certificate.
-   NIKHEF (Marian): Helping update their HTCondor install; there is a large version jump so much config has to be adjusted.

## OSG DevOps

New:
-   Transition to IDTOKENs for IGWN, JLab, GLUEX
-   Shoveler and Collector is tested, and UNL is using it in production now.
    - Now writing docs on how to run the shoveler.

Ongoing:
-   Request to inject entire HTCondor job classad into GRACC records. Will require gratia-probe-condor changes.  

Back burner:
-   (Stalled, but need to get back to it) XRootD accounting information (from Frank):
    -   May need help with automating the process of generating these reports.  A month only takes a few minutes.  Longer periods take much longer.
    -   Table of working set, read, and re-read for monthly, quarterly, and year.
-   XRootD TCP plugin is ready for packaging.  Derek will follow up with software team on who to hand that off to.
    -   https://opensciencegrid.atlassian.net/browse/SOFTWARE-4744

### Discussion

None this week

## OSG Release Team

-   Ready for Testing
    -   OSG 3.5-upcoming
        -   XRootD 5.3.2
-   Ready for Release
    -   OSG 3.5
        -   osg-ca-certs-updater 2.0
    -   OSG 3.5-upcoming
        -   xrootd-multiuser 2.0.3
    -   OSG 3.6
        -   gratia-probe 2.3.2
        -   osg-flock 1.6-3

### Discussion

None this week
