# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 13 September 2022

-   **Coordinates:** Conference: +1-415-655-0002, PIN: 146 266 9392,
    <https://morgridge-org.zoom.us/j/91987518094> (password sent separately)
-   **Attending:** BrianL, Carl, Derek, Mat, TimT

## Announcements

Carl out Wednesdays

### Triage Duty

-   This week: BrianL
-   Next week: Carl
-   9 (-2) open FreshDesk tickets
-   0 (+0) open GGUS ticket

### Jira (as of Monday)

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|--------------|---------|-------------------|
| 206          | -1      | Open              |
| 36           | +5      | Selected for Dev  |
| 22           | +2      | In Progress       |
| 9            | +0      | Dev Complete      |
| 4            | +0      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | +0      | Ready for Release |

## OSG Software Team

-  Next doc focus Oct 7
-  AI (Mat): OSDF origin Helm chart
-  AI (Mat): fix rsyslog in glideins
-  AI (Mat): add changes for XCache:
    - review Carl's PR for authfile generator
    - add extra issuer for PRP caches for Fabio
-  AI (Carl): auto-generate OASIS StashCache configs
-  AI (Carl): improve hosted-ce-tools Python 3 support
-  AI (BrianL): review Igor's changes to the backfill container and his provisioner
-  AI (BrianL): cut new topology client
-  AI (BrianL): meet with Igor et al. to discuss handoff of supporting Lancium provisioner
    from GIL to Operations or Software
-  AI (Mat/Carl): discuss interface for supporting complex disk setups in OSDF Helm charts
-  AI (TimT): fix regexps in condor-mapfile in HTCondor-CE 5 to be compatible with HTCondor 9.11+

### Discussion

LIGO has tested XRootD 5.5.0, which fixed scitokens issues they were having.
LIGO uses CILogon and Vault for managing token auth.

### Support Update

-   COManage (BrianL): manually fix a user's access, notes in FD#70228
-   LIGO (Carl): assisted CalTech in registering their Squid proxy in Topology

## OSG Release Team

-   TimT: new condor releases (9.11.1)

-   Ready for Testing
    -   gratia-probe
    -   stashcp

### Discussion

-   TimT: note prce2 more strict about character classes in regex (hyphen must go at the end `[abc-]`)
-   BrianL: need to find victims to update from stable series to 9.12
-   AI (TimT): reach out to John Thiltges about feasibility of updating to 10.0?
    (TimT: 9.12.0 in a couple weeks)
