# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 22 November 2022

-   **Coordinates:** Conference: +1-415-655-0002, PIN: 146 266 9392,
    <https://morgridge-org.zoom.us/j/91987518094> (password sent separately)
-   **Attending:**

## Announcements

-   BrianL traveling Nov 28 - Dec 2
-   Carl OOO Wednesdays

### Triage Duty

-   This week: TimT
-   Next week: Carl
-   10 (+0) open FreshDesk tickets
-   ? (+?) open GGUS ticket

### Jira (as of Monday) (TODO)

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|--------------|---------|-------------------|
| 223          | -6      | Open              |
| 23           | +0      | Selected for Dev  |
| 15           | -1      | In Progress       |
| 16           | -1      | Dev Complete      |
| 6            | +3      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | +0      | Ready for Release |

-  Brian will be tossing more things into backlog to make sense of prios;
   in need of cleaning

## OSG Software Team

-  AI (Mat): Assist Mats and HTCondor devs in getting container universe working on the OSPool
-  AI (Mat): scitokens ticket for Steve Timm
-  AI (Mat, Carl) EL 9 groundwork:
   -  Carl: for next week, add VMU images for EL9 (SOFTWARE-5337)
   -  After that: OSDF tickets selected for development: SOFTWARE-5296, SOFTWARE-5295

### Discussion

- Marco: glideinwms: frontend is not reporting properly to monitoring

### Support Update

-   BrianL: discusses Open Science Pool token registry; will manually create a token for comanage after discussion with
    Brians B,A
-   University of Arkansas Little Rock (BrianL): working around an issue with ORCID and the self-service OS Registry
-   NERSC (Mat, BrianB, BrianL): got a patched XRootD into testing for Lisa to install to test issues with missing
    Role/Capability in her VOMS certificate. That seems to be fixed but there are still ongoing issues.
    Mat: not getting logging we are supposed to for XRootD server at NERSC.
-   CalTech startd cron not getting parsed correctly; BrianL will talk to Todd about it
-   Carl: DESY: don't want other VOs they host
-   Carl: unregistered gratia probes: we want to close for moral victory,
    might wanna check for more unreg probes at some point
-   Derek: supporting TimC in osg-connect-ops
-   Derek: Einstein telescope wants to use OSDF
-   Derek: gratia probe payloads, identifying the pool?  Next week, not this week.


## OSG Release Team

-   Ready for Testing
    -   GlideinWMS 3.9.6
    -   CVMFS 2.10.0-1.1 (and osg-oasis 19)
    -   XRootD 5.5.1-1.4 (fixes FUSE mounts via xrdfs)
        - One more xrootd patch for Mat to get in; Mat says go with 1.4, unresolved bug in 1.5
    -   Vault 1.12.1
-   Ready for Release
    -   Nothing yet

### Discussion

None this week
