# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 30 August 2022

-   **Coordinates:** Conference: +1-415-655-0002, PIN: 146 266 9392,
    <https://morgridge-org.zoom.us/j/91987518094> (password sent separately)
-   **Attending:** BrianL, Carl, Derek, Marco Mambelli, Mat, TimT, Ziyang

## Announcements

- Carl out Wednesdays
- Ziyang's last day is today

### Triage Duty

-   This week: Mat
-   Next week: TimT
-   11 (+4) open FreshDesk tickets
-   0 (+0) open GGUS ticket

### Jira (as of Monday)

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|--------------|---------|-------------------|
| 191          | +1      | Open              |
| 44           | +0      | Selected for Dev  |
| 26           | +2      | In Progress       |
| 12           | -2      | Dev Complete      |
| 2            | -3      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | +0      | Ready for Release |

## OSG Software Team

-   AI (Mat): OSDF origin chart
-   AI (Mat): Assist Fabio with setting up the University of Hawaii origin;
    we are currently waiting on them for Resource Group information, after which Mat will help with Data Federation
    information -- the format of that information is new
-   AI (Carl): XRootD 5.5.0 release; contact Mat for assistance as needed
-   AI (Carl): Review various PRs for the Tiger Kubernetes cluster
-   AI (BrianL): Review and reprioritize Software Team JIRA tickets
-   AI (BrianL): Review PATh metrics for the monthly report before the end of the month

### Discussion

-   Marco: GlideinWMS 3.9.6 expected by the end of the week; fixed setup issues noticed by Mat and others,
    and added a token generator

### Support Update

-   USC (BrianL): helped solve issues with backfill containers; issues caused by tokens and using an outdated image.
    Admins were surprised that the pilots exited because they didn't get any jobs;
    this event should be communicated more clearly, perhaps in the container logs
-   Virgo (BrianL): helped Jason resolve issues with Virgo proxy generation due to upstream VOMS server cert update
-   LIGO (Carl): assisted Peter Couvares with getting the HTCondor version on a CE
-   LIGO (Carl): received formal request from LIGO for first-class SIF file support on the OS Pool;
        redirected to Jason but Mats should also be added -- for now this is a question of OS Pool policy
-   OS Pool (Derek): user wanted to have a very large file accessible on `/cvmfs/stash.osgstorage.org`.
    Derek increased the max file size from 26 GB to 500 GB. This change should not affect anything except large files,
    but staff should keep an eye out for issues
-   WTAMU (Derek): observed a difference between pilot and payload hours -- looks to be due to the site having
    huge slots (64 cores) with Glideins pilots retiring (finishing old jobs but no longer accepting new jobs)
    but with a handful of long, small jobs keeping the pilot alive.  Mats suggested increasing the pilot lifetime
-   OS Pool (Derek): cvmfs-singularity-sync started deleting containers on CVMFS yesterday (8/29).
    The problem was fixed and the containers restored; the issue was due to code changes in order to support tag wildcards
    on hub.opensciencegrid.org.  Derek is writing a full incident report.

## OSG Release Team

-   TimT: new condor releases (9.11.1)

-   Ready for Testing
    -   gratia-probe
    -   stashcp

### Discussion

-   TimT: note prce2 more strict about character classes in regex (hyphen must go at the end `[abc-]`)
-   BrianL: need to find victims to update from stable series to 9.12
-   AI (TimT): reach out to John Thiltges about feasibility of updating to 10.0?
    (TimT: 9.12.0 in a couple weeks)
