# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 27 September 2022

-   **Coordinates:** Conference: +1-415-655-0002, PIN: 146 266 9392,
    <https://morgridge-org.zoom.us/j/91987518094> (password sent separately)
-   **Attending:**  BrianL, Mat, Carl, Marco Mambelli, TimT

## Announcements

BrianL OOO Friday

### Triage Duty

-   This week: Mat
-   Next week: TimT
-   9 (+3) open FreshDesk tickets
-   0 (+0) open GGUS ticket

### Jira (as of Monday)

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|--------------|---------|-------------------|
| 212          | +3      | Open              |
| 32           | -1      | Selected for Dev  |
| 17           | -1      | In Progress       |
| 13           | -1      | Dev Complete      |
| 5            | +5      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | +0      | Ready for Release |

## OSG Software Team

- BrianL:
  - Assisting Antonios with logging in -- his ACCESS CILogon credentials might
    be conflicting with his OSG CILogon credentials
  - Talk to Aiden about tasks for the next two weeks.

- Carl:
  - Have PR for validating stash/osdf cache data between OASIS and Topology.

- Mat:
  - Test auth origin support in stash-origin containers.

- TimT:
  - Putting 9.12.0 into OSPool.
    Thin pool improvements are being tested on CHTC.
  - Planning on releasing 9.0.17 this week.
  - Putting finishing touches on 10.0.0; mostly bringing UW spec file in sync
    with OSG.

- AIs (Carl):
  - Putting Git identifiers into COManage.
  - Upload missing hosted CE records to GRACC.

- AIs (Mat):
  - Check if CHTC-canary2 has been sending rsyslog logs to central syslog
    server.
  - Continue work on OSDF-Origin Helm chart.
  - Fix rsyslog in pilots; assist Jason with setting up rsyslog for LIGO if
    needed.
- AIs (BrianL):
  - Brief our student Aiden on the big picture and upcoming tasks
    for GitHub container actions.

- AI (TimT):
  - Update HTCondor-CE in OSG repos to the latest release.

- AI (BrianL):
  - Brief our student Aiden on the big picture and upcoming tasks for GitHub
    container actions.

- GlideinWMS:
  - Two PRs remaining for GlideinWMS 3.9.6; release targeted for later this
    week.
  - Investigating general credential support improvements.  The factory
    would like to supply a list of credentials for a CE with fallback
    from one to the other (instead of using only one credential that has
    to be listed per-entry).

### Discussion

- Kernel issues in CHTC being investigated; most likely a kernel bug being
  triggered by having many condor_procds (one for each Glidein).
  Not worth holding up the release for.

- EL9 coming - transition tasks likely to be assigned to Carl.

### Support Update

- BrianL (PATh Facility): Helping users that have previously had XSEDE
  credentials log in to the Facility.

- Carl (unregistered Gratia probes): There are questions about how to match
  probe names with Topology identifiers.

## OSG Release Team

- Decision Engine:
  - Versions 2.0.2 and 1.7.4 have been released. (1.7.4 is for internal use;
    2.0.2 is the recommended version for external users.)

### Discussion

