# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 28 June 2022

-   **Coordinates:** Conference: +1-415-655-0002, PIN: 146 266 9392,
    <https://morgridge-org.zoom.us/j/91987518094> (password sent separately)
-   **Attending:** BrianL, Carl, Marco Mambelli, Ziyang

## Announcements

-  BrianL OOO Fri, Tue
-  Next week's meeting canceled

### Triage Duty

-   This week: BrianL
-   Next week: Mat
-   16 (+3) open FreshDesk tickets
-   0 (+0) open GGUS ticket

### Jira (as of Monday)

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|--------------|---------|-------------------|
| 189          | +2      | Open              |
| 33           | -1      | Selected for Dev  |
| 27           | -2      | In Progress       |
| 17           | -5      | Dev Complete      |
| 8            | +3      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | +0      | Ready for Release |

## OSG Software Team

-   Kubernetes hackathon this afternoon
-   Doc focus afternoon of Jul 15
-   Streamline deployments of OSDF caches and origins
    -   AI (Mat): Add topology endpoint serving cache/namespace mappings (SOFTWARE-5179)
    -   AI (Mat): Evaluate state of SLATE stashcache chart (SOFTWARE-5211)
    -   AI (Carl): Add stashcache lookup by resource name (SOFTWARE-4347)
    -   AI (Carl): stash-cache/origin: allow toggling VOMS by environment variable (SOFTWARE-5106)
    -   AI (Carl): authfile generation fails if origin serves no public data (SOFTWARE-5028)
    -   AI (Carl): Authfiles for auth stash origins should include the origin's DN (SOFTWARE-4399)
    -   AI (Carl): Validate OSDF data in Topology (SOFTWARE-4167)
-   AI (Carl): add ability to specify custom workflows in opensciencegrid/images (SOFTWARE-5013)

### Discussion

We had a short discussion regarding the appropriate fix for the way that GlideinWMS writes to `glidein_config`;
BrianL will discuss thoughts with the HTCSS dev team and get back to Marco

### Support Update

-   OSPool (BrianL, Mat): discovered GlideinWMS file locking issue causing user job wrapper shadow exceptions
