# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 10 May 2022

-   **Coordinates:** Conference: +1-415-655-0002, PIN: 146 266 9392,
    <https://morgridge.webex.com/webappng/sites/morgridge/meeting/info/791d9dddc5464eb6a73fc7746331d06c> (password sent separately)
-   **Attending:** 

## Announcements

### Triage Duty

-   This week: Mat
-   Next week: TimT
-   16 (+3) open FreshDesk tickets
-   1 (-1) open GGUS ticket

### Jira (as of Monday)

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|--------------|---------|-------------------|
| 184          | -1      | Open              |
| 30           | -3      | Selected for Dev  |
| 29           | +0      | In Progress       |
| 15           | -5      | Dev Complete      |
| 24           | +10     | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | +0      | Ready for Release |

## OSG Software Team

-   Kubernetes Hackathon today!
    -   AI (Carl): Make CronJob for fixing up user GIDs in COManage.
    -   AI (Mat): Investigate auto-update failures in the PATh facility Kubernetes pool.
    -   AI (BrianL): Move FE cert-manager patches to base
    -   AI (BrianL): Investigate upgrade path from Flux v1 to Flux v2
-   Doc focus this Friday
-   Primary MkDocs repositories being moved to the osg-htc GitHub organization.
    Technology first, then docs
-   AI (BrianL): Work with JeffD to debug site failures starting after OSG 3.6 upgrades.
-   AI (BrianL): Respond to Scott Koranda regarding missing EPPNs in COManage.
-   AI (Carl): Remove certinfo usage from Gratia.
-   AI (Mat): Renew central collector host cert (which expires on May 6); UNL SANs are no longer necessary.
-   AI (Mat): Register PATh Facility Execute Points in Topology.
-   AI (TimT): Test HTCondor 9.9.0 in CHTC; new remote management features might impact glideins so those will need extra testing.
-   Next projects:
    -   Transition contacts to COManage
    -   Finish sending OSPool StartD logs to the GRACC
    -   Streamline deployments of OSDF caches and origins
    -   Retire OSG 3.5
    -   Allow for custom workflows in opensciencegrid/images

### Discussion

Added a "contrib" directory to the opensciencegrid/images repo so people can contribute images;
the first contributor was FNAL with some FTS images.
There is a danger of the GitHub Actions for the repo taking too long; the Software Team will investigate fixes as necessary.

### Support Update

-   BNL (Derek): Debugging various randomly occurring slow or failing transfers with XRootD-Standalone 
-   GRACC (Derek): Debugging CEs that have stopped reporting to GRACC after upgrading to OSG 3.6;
    will stay in touch with the Software Team regarding necessary software/packaging/documentation fixes resulting from these.
-   GIL (Carl): Debug Igor's issue with viewing Topology resources using his COManage credentials.

## OSG DevOps

- A few feature requests / bug fixes for StashCP.
- Still helping shoveler support for token auto-updating.

### Discussion

None this week

## OSG Release Team

-   Ready for Testing
    -   GlideinWMS 3.9.4-3: Fix rrdtool dependencies
    -   gratia-probe 2.5.2
        -  Remove pre-routed jobs instead of quarantining them
        -   always set MapUnknownToGroup
    -   HTCondor 9.0.12: Bug fix release
    -   HTCondor-CE 5.1.4
        -   Fix whole node job glidein CPUs and GPUs exprs that caused held jobs
        -   Fix bug where default CERequirements were being ignored
        -   Pass whole node request from GlideinWMS to the batch system
        -   Fix rrdtool dependencies to ease OSG 3.5 to 3.6 upgrade
    -   XCache 3.0.1
        -   Fixed library dependency issues for xcache-reporter
        -   Add systemd overrides for xrootd-privileged
    -   osg-flock 1.8
        -   Remove MapUnknownToGroup and MapGroupToRole from osg-flock
        -   Advertise osg-flock version in the osg-flock RPM
    -   rrdtool 1.8.0-1.2-el7: make Python RRDtools available to GlideinWMS

### Discussion

None this week
