# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 8 March 2022

-   **Coordinates:** Conference: +1-415-655-0002, PIN: 146 266 9392,
    <https://morgridge.webex.com/webappng/sites/morgridge/meeting/info/791d9dddc5464eb6a73fc7746331d06c> (password sent separately)
-   **Attending:** 

## Announcements

OSG All Hands next week! OSG site admin office hours from 3:30-5:30pm Tue Mar 15!

### Triage Duty

-   This week: TimT
-   Next week: BrianL
-   13 (-5) open FreshDesk tickets
-   0 (+0) open GGUS ticket

### Jira (as of Monday)

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|--------------|---------|-------------------|
| 185          | -1      | Open              |
| 40           | -1      | Selected for Dev  |
| 34           | -1      | In Progress       |
| 14           | -6      | Dev Complete      |
| 6            | -1      | Ready for Testing |
| 1            | +0      | Ready for Release |

## OSG Software Team

-   Kubernetes Hackathon today! Potential projects:
    -   Add Prometheus monitoring for the Postgresql node
    -   Set up a secondary CHTC (GLOW) frontend on River
-   AI (Mat): xcache-reporter packaging issues
-   AI (TimT): move and update `oidc-agent` technology doc to main docs area as a "using tokens" doc
-   AI (Mat): add token overview for site admins
-   AI (BrianL): add overview of 3.6 token transition
-   AI (Mat): apply voms mapfile patch to OSG's build of XRootD; Justas at Caltech can test
-   AI (BrianL): kick off tests for Vault, htgetttoken

### Discussion

None this week

### Support Update

- BNL (BrianL): Qiulan/Doug say that WebDAV doesn't work for their standalone server
- Edinburgh (BrianL): help register a cache and sort out Dune data federation details
- OU (Derek): Issues with tier2-01.ochep.ou.edu gratia, Horst indicated it's an EL6 cluster and he would be in favor of turning it off.

## OSG DevOps

- StashCP multi-file download/upload.
- Secured an "Open Source" license for [Gitpod](https://www.gitpod.io/) which is the Professional level.  It's a competitor to Github Codespaces.  Remote development.  My first thought is that it would be nice for topology development since it's difficult (in my experience) to iterate.  Especially initial setup.  License is open to all members of the opensciencegrid github organization.
- Packaging of the shoveler?
- Packaging of the python-scitokens?
- Working on OSDF metrics for OSG Meeting.

### Discussion

None this week

## OSG Release Team

-   Ready for Testing
    -   OSG 3.5, OSG 3.6
        -   osg-scitokens-mapfile 6
    -   OSG 3.5-upcoming, OSG 3.6
        -   XRootD 5.4.1
        -   osg-xrootd
    -   OSG 3.6
        -   GlideinWMS 3.9.4
-   Ready for Release
    -   OSG 3.6 upcoming
        -   HTCondor 9.5.0 (blocked by osg-configure)

### Discussion

-   Announce container retention policy update with this week's release
