# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 23 October 2017

**Coordinates:** Conference: +1 669 900 6833  or +1 408 638 0968  or +1 646 876 9923, PIN: 735 282 244; <https://nebraskaextension.zoom.us/j/735282244>  
**Attending:** 

## Announcements

Derek will be giving a short talk about querying pilot logs in Elasticsearch

### Triage Duty

-   This week: Edgar
-   Next week: Mat
-   9 (+0) open tickets


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 154          | -6      | Open              |
| 26           | +0      | In Progress       |
| 10            | +6      | Ready for Testing |
| 0            | +0     | Ready for Release |


### Release Schedule

| Name     | Version       | Development Freeze | Package Freeze | Release    | Notes        |
|-------- |------------- |------------------ |-------------- |---------- |------------ |
| November | 3.4.5, 3.3.30 | 2017-10-30         | 2017-11-06     | 2017-11-14 | 5 week cycle |
| December | 3.4.6, 3.3.31 | 2017-11-27         | 2017-12-04     | 2017-12-12 |              |

Notes: Additional “urgent” releases may be scheduled for the 4th Tuesday of each month. The Testing date is when acceptance testing will be scheduled for releasable packages; if a package is added after this date, it may not be possible to schedule adequate testing time, thereby forcing it into the next release.  


## OSG Software Team

-   Documentation migration complete!
-   November release development freeze - 10/30

### Discussions



### Support Update

-   CTSC (BrianL) - Worked locally with student to set up test CE for testing the blahp
-   JINR (BrianL) - blahp failures due to issue with ASCII chars, finally got a stacktrace
-   LBNL (BrianL) - issues with the blahp may have been due to misconfiguration
-   Taiwan (BrianL) - idle jobs on CE, likely a basic configuration issue
-   UCSD (BrianL) - helped Terrence troubleshoot condor not starting after issues with a full disk (resolved by restarting and waiting)


## OSG Release Team

- Suchandra Thapa will handle the [November 14th](https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/issues/?jql=project%25252520%2525253D%25252520SOFTWARE%25252520AND%25252520labels%25252520in%25252520(3.3.30%2525252C%252525203.4.5)%25252520ORDER%25252520BY%25252520status%25252520ASC%2525252C%25252520priority%25252520DESC%2525252C%25252520assignee%25252520ASC) release

| 3.3.30 | &Delta; | Both | &Delta; | 3.4.5 | &Delta; | Total | &Delta; | Status            |
|------- |-------- |----- |-------- |------ |-------- |------ |-------- |------------------ |
|  1     |  +0     | 10   |  +1     |  1    |  +1     | 12    |  +2     | Open              |
|  1     |  +0     | 10   |  -2     |  2    |  +0     | 13    |  -2     | In Progress       |
|  1     |  +1     |  7   |  +3     |  2    |  +2     | 10    |  +6     | Ready for Testing |
|  0     |  +0     |  0   |  +0     |  0    |  +0     |  0    |  +0     | Ready for Release |
|  3     |  +1     | 27   |  +2     |  5    |  +3     | 35    |  +6     | Total             |

-   Both
    -   Update osg-system profiler
    -   globus-gridftp-server-control 6.0
    -   lcmaps-plugins-voms manpage and docs w/ all-fqans/first-fqun options
    -   Drop SOFTWARE-1853 patch from globus-ftp-client
-   3.4.5
    -   osg-configure 2.2.2
    -   tweak comments in 10-misc.ini
-   3.3.30
    -   osg-configure 1.10.2


### Discussions

-   Fexible release model being announced. November release follows the existing process
-   Miron wants to have documentation updates as part of the release process
    -  Will be working on a mechanism to accomplish this
    -  TimC suggested looking at the overall documentation updates
        -   Engage the end users of the documentation
        -   Respond quickly to tickets filed by the end users

## OSG Investigations Team


### Last Week

-   Worked on cleaning up GRACC data.
-   Major update of GRACC-APEL reports to reflect non-zero CpuDuration in [WLCG reports](https://accounting.egi.eu/tier2/country/USA/sumcpu_days/SITE/DATE/2017/3/2017/9/lhc/onlyinfrajobs/)
-   Worked on getting data from GRACC for press release (requested by BrianB/FKW)
-   More work on writable stashcache.  
-   Installed CMS data cache at NERSC in userspace.  Will cache CMS data destined at NERSC.
-   Lots of CVMFS changes on OSG hosted repos (except oasis).

### This Week

-   Finalizing GRACC changes
- Draft GRACC SLA proposal
-   Writable StashCache. Enabling access for initial testers.
-   Improve CMS cache at NERSC, productionize

### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/projects/GRACC/)
-   [StashCache Project](https://opensciencegrid.github.io/StashCache/)


### Discussions

None this week
