# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 26 June 2017

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>  

**Attending:** BrianL, Carl, Derek, Marian, Mat, Suchandra, TimC, Vaibhav  


## Announcements

-   TimT, Edgar out until next week
-   Derek will be 50% OSG starting July 1, down from 75%


### Triage Duty

-   This week: BrianL
-   Next week: Carl
-   8 (+0) open tickets


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta;  | State             |
|------------ |-------- |----------------- |
| 149          | &minus;7 | Open              |
| 18           | +5       | In Progress       |
| 6            | +3       | Ready for Testing |
| 1            | +0       | Ready for Release |


### Release Schedule

| Version        | Development Freeze | Package Freeze | Release    | Notes            |
|-------------- |------------------ |-------------- |---------- |---------------- |
| 3.4.1 / 3.3.26 | 2017-06-26         | 2017-07-03     | 2017-07-11 | Independence Day |
| 3.4.2 / 3.3.27 | 2017-07-24         | 2017-07-31     | 2017-08-08 |                  |

Notes: Additional “urgent” releases may be scheduled for the 4th Tuesday of each month. The Testing date is when acceptance testing will be scheduled for releasable packages; if a package is added after this date, it may not be possible to schedule adequate testing time, thereby forcing it into the next release.  


## OSG Software Team

-   Dev freeze today:  
    
    | Owner  | # open tickets |
    |------ |-------------- |
    | BrianL | 3              |
    | Carl   | 2              |
    | Mat    | 2              |
-   Suchandra: How's the LCMAPS VOMS transition going?
-   HTCondor-CE whole node accounting + memory request issues
-   VMU tests: Erin investigating network issues with new RHEL VMs using the dev subscription. Dakota was brought up to speed on image generation/troubleshooting.
-   ITB progress: New pool configs sprayed out for separated CM and an additional CE for testing pre-release
-   Internal doc migration started and lives [here](https://github.com/brianhlin/technology/tree/internal_migration)
-   `xrootd-cmstfc` (contrib) fails to build for EL7, need help with CMake to place libs in `/usr/lib64` rather than `/usr/lib/`


### Discussions

-   RSV JIRA ticket incoming to fix querying `condor_q` output
-   Incoming Gratia probe changes for whole node accounting issues by Derek, Carl to review
-   Hosted CE LCMAPS VOMS transition complete


### Support Update

FIT (BrianL) - Jobs held, passed on troubleshooting doc  
TAMU (BrianL) - SAM tests are better with updates to their scheduler config. Jobs submitted to their backend condor are being held with "job not found"  


## OSG Release Team

-   Tim Theisen is handling the [July 11th](https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/issues/?filter=15254&jql=project%2520%253D%2520SOFTWARE%2520AND%2520labels%2520in%2520(3.3.26%252C%25203.4.1)%2520ORDER%2520BY%2520status%2520ASC%252C%2520priority%2520DESC%252C%2520assignee%2520ASC) release

| 3.3.26 | &Delta;  | Both | &Delta;  | 3.4.1 | &Delta;  | Total | &Delta;   | Status            |
|------ |-------- |---- |-------- |----- |-------- |----- |--------- |----------------- |
| 0      | &minus;  | 1    | &minus;1 | 0     | &minus;5 | 1     | &minus;17 | Open              |
| 0      | &minus;1 | 6    | +4       | 0     | &minus;1 | 6     | +2        | In Progress       |
| 1      | +1       | 6    | +3       | 3     | +3       | 10    | +7        | Ready for Testing |
| 0      | +0       | 0    | +0       | 0     | +0       | 0     | +0        | Ready for Release |
| 0      | +0       | 0    | +0       | 0     | +0       | 0     | +0        | Closed            |
| 1      | &minus;1 | 13   | &minus;4 | 3     | &minus;3 | 17    | &minus;8  | Total             |


### Ready for Testing

-   Condor 8.6.4 and 8.7.2 in 3.4 and upcoming, respectively. Including af ix for HTCondor-CE-Bosco without certs
-   blahp fix for multicore requests for SLURM batch systems
-   New package, `gridftp-dsi-posix`, to replace `xrootd-dsi`
-   Fix for GridFTP startup to use the correct plugin configuration
-   Fix for CVMFS client failing to mount when very large groups exist
-   Added ability to include arbitrary ClassAd attributes in Gratia records
-   Added osg-configure-misc dependency to osg-gridftp
-   Fix for HDFS NameNode infinite loop


### Discussions

None this week  


## OSG Investigations Team

Lots of vacation from Investigations team this week.  Not much to update.  


### Last Week

-   GRACC debugging of Underreported sites
-   Debug Nova CVMFS repo, will need to redo repo with chunking.
-   Blog post on StashCache: <https://djw8605.github.io/2017/06/14/stashcache/> and on Planet OSG <http://blogs.grid.iu.edu/>


### This Week

-   Reprocess underreported sites and upload new APEL report to WLCG
-   Docker'ification of GRACC Agents
-   Packaging of CVMFS-Sync and configurations.
-   Investigate backups of GRACC peripheral services


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/projects/GRACC/)
-   [StashCache Project (New URL!)](https://opensciencegrid.github.io/StashCache/)
