# OSG Technology Area Meeting, 11 December 2017

**Coordinates:** Conference: 719-284-5267, PIN: 57363; <https://www.uberconference.com/osgblin>   
**Attending:** BrianL, Carl, Derek, Edgar, Marian, Mat, Suchandra, TimC, TimT  


## Announcements


### Triage Duty

-   This week: Mat
-   Next week: Edgar
-   7 (+0) open tickets


### JIRA

| # of tickets | &Delta; | State             |
|------------ |------- |----------------- |
| 148          | -6      | Open              |
| 34           | +9      | In Progress       |
| 13           | +1      | Ready for Testing |
| 3            | +3      | Ready for Release |


## OSG Software Team

-   All tickets for the December release must be RFR by the end of the week
-   Doc Focus Afternoon (Thursday 12/14 1PM Central)  
    -   [Work list](https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=7&view=planning)  
        1.  Please review tickets assigned to you in the sprint before Thursday
        2.  Tackle items assigned to you in the sprint
        3.  If you finish items assigned to you in the sprint, pick up items from the backlog (organized in priority order) and move them into the sprint.
    -   Use the #osg-software slack channel for discussions


### Discussions

TimC gave us a summary of Rucio from last Friday's blueprint meeting  


### Support Update

-   GRACC (Suchandra): some leftover GRACC tickets from last week's slowdown
-   Vanderbilt (Edgar): added GPU factory entries
-   NERSC (Derek): Debugging XRootD for StashCache


## OSG Release Team

-   VO Package Release expected this week (VO Package v77)
-   Release estimated to go out week of December 18th  
    -   Better aligns with XRootD 4.8.0 release

| 3.3.31 | &Delta; | Both | &Delta; | 3.4.6 | &Delta; | Total | &Delta; | Status            |
|------ |------- |---- |------- |----- |------- |----- |------- |----------------- |
| 0      | -1      | 3    | -4      | 4     | -1      | 7     | -6      | Open              |
| 2      | +2      | 12   | +1      | 9     | +1      | 23    | +4      | In Progress       |
| 1      | +0      | 10   | +0      | 0     | +0      | 11    | +0      | Ready for Testing |
| 0      | +0      | 3    | +3      | 0     | +0      | 3     | +3      | Ready for Release |
| 3      | +1      | 28   | -4      | 12    | +1      | 44    | +1      | Total             |

-   Both  
    -   Release Glideinwms v3.2.20+  
        -   Drop globus-gram-client-tools requirement from glideinwms
    -   Include the gfal2 http plugins as part of the osg-wn-client
    -   OSG PKI Tools  
        -   Default to using HTTPS
        -   Updated help information
        -   Leave old keys in place if new keys cannot be fetched
        -   Unhandled exception when network unreachable
        -   Update to help@opensciencegrid.org
    -   osg-gridftp: add osg-configure-gratia
    -   Minor bug fix to BLAHP
    -   Include cvmfs upstream bug fix for losing singularity bind mounts
    -   Allow tarballs to be updated by different users (internal)
-   3.4.6  
    -   Nothing yet
-   3.3.31  
    -   GridFTP-HDFS: fix potential crash related to CVMFS checksums


### Discussions

Proposal coming this week for making doc review part of the release process  


## OSG Investigations Team

-   GRACC caught up from the backlog.
-   Perfsonar data now flowing smoothly through the message broker.
-   NERSC using CMS XRootD Cache.
-   Look for changes in the gratia probe for GPU detection.
-   working on new GRACC FE to replace current one (lot of updates during migration to new ES version for services like prometheus and grafana)


### Ongoing

-   [GRACC Project](https://jira.opensciencegrid.org/projects/GRACC/)
-   [StashCache Project (New URL!)](https://opensciencegrid.org/docs/data/stashcache/overview/)


### Discussions

None this week
